Labour Party governorship candidate in Lagos State, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour, says plans are underway to rescue the governance of the State from the grip of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and its alleged godfather, Bola Ahmed Tinubu. Rhodes-Vivour disclosed this on Thursday at a meeting tagged ‘Youth O’ Clock in Ikeja. “We are already 90 per cent there. We need to bring this thing home. I want you to understand that the moment we take Lagos, this fire of a new type of politics will engulf Nigeria,” the 40-year-old gubernatorial candidate said. “You start to find politicians that mean well for the people, that can articulate their vision and positive about change. No more status quo. We are changing the narrative to have a new Lagos and a new Nigeria. “We know that the goal and what we are going through is far bigger than I and any of us. It is a project that will lift the lives of millions of Lagosians up and, in turn, lift the lives of many Nigerians up. It is a project to free Lagos from the stranglehold of tyranny,” he added, pledging a Lagos “where the inner roads will work, where our people will have quality healthcare, water, quality public education, not one where parents keep struggling trying to find how to pay school fees for their children to go to private school.” READ ALSO: Lagos Guber: Rhodes-Vivour Exposes Ruling Party’s Conspiracy Against Him While commending Nigerian youths for voting for the Party’s presidential candidate, Peter Obi, in the February 25 election, he noted that Obi and the Party have empathy and compassion for Nigerians suffering. He however expressed optimism that the court would declare the Party the winner of the election, noting how young people stood their ground and showed that they had the power to put people in and take people out during the poll. “That was a powerful thing to see in Nigeria because we have not seen it in so long. “They (old politicians) do not understand the energy that is doing this thing. This is energy that you cannot buy. This is energy spurred by hope, belief and love.” Rhodes-Vivour urged the youth to be in charge in the March 18 polls, assuring them that the party is making arrangements for solid voter security. The LP candidate is looking to unseat Babajide Sanwo-Olu, Tinubu’s protégé and incumbent governor of Lagos. 