 A mobile police sergeant on Thursday morning reportedly killed his lover and later shot himself dead in a school premises in Ilorin, Kwara state. The incident, which happened early in the morning near the gate of a private school located at Agba Dam Housing Estate, Gaa Akanbi, Ilorin, was said to have been caused as a result of a misunderstanding between the officer and his lover. READ ALSO: Man Slumps, Dies During Fight Over Parking Space In Lagos The MOPOL sergeant was said to have been attached to the Kwara state Government House, Ilorin. The deceased female friend, and mother of one, was simply identified as Tosin. Reacting to the development, the Police Public Relations Officer, Kwara State Command, Okasanmi Ajayi, in a statement, confirmed the incident. In the statement titled ‘RE: KILLING OF A LADY AND SELF BY A POLICE SERGEANT IN ILORIN’, he said that the deadly incident was an aftermath of love gone sour “and that it has nothing to do with police brutality”. The statement read, “At about 08:05 hours of March 2, 2023, information reached the command that a man in police uniform was later identified by his uniform and name tag as F/NO 497093. Sergeant Olalere Michael “Male” later known to be attached to 15 PMF, Ilorin went to the Chapel of Redemption Agba Dam housing estate in Ilorin and shot and killed a yet-to-be-identified lady, then shot himself in the head and died. “Immediately after the information got to the command, the Commissioner of Police for Kwara State, CP Paul Odama, psc+, dispatched a team of policemen and detectives to the scene, where the corpses were recovered and deposited at the University of Ilorin Teaching Hospital, where the bodies were certified dead. “The command wishes to state clearly that the deadly incident was an aftermath of love gone sour and that it has nothing to do with police brutality. “Meanwhile, investigation of this unfortunate incident is in progress, and the report of the investigation will be made public as soon as it is ready.”