 The Adamawa State Police Command has arrested seven teenagers for gang-raping a 15-year-old girl in Kodomun village, Demsa Local Government Area of the state. The spokesperson of the command, SP Suleiman Yahaya, who disclosed this in a statement on Tuesday, March 7, 2023, said the suspects lured their victim into the house of one of them who is her boyfriend, and forcefully had carnal knowledge of her. He said the suspects, Ephraim Emmanuel, 17, Madapwa Fidelis,17, Paka Albert,16, Jude Shido Aventi,18, Harmony Manade,18, Napwanwa Nahim Edmanth,16, and Manbiah Ojes,16, all residents of Kodomun village, were arrested on Sunday, March 5. READ ALSO: Twitter User Accuses Police Of Demanding N100k To Investigate Case Of Lady Raped, Infected With HIV “On 4/3/2023 at about 2100hrs, the suspects lured their victim into the house of the first suspect and forcefully had carnal knowledge of her without her consent,” the PPRO stated. “The incident was reported to the Divisional Police Headquarters, Demsa by a very good Samaritan and a critical stakeholder in policing. Preliminary investigation reveals that the suspects took advantage of the victim after honoring the invitation from the first suspect who happens to be her boyfriend too. Unfortunately, she was subdued and forced to submit sexually to all the seven suspects.” “The Commissioner of Police, CP Afolabi Babatola, frowned at the irritable incident and directed the Deputy Commissioner of Police in charge of Criminal Investigation Department (CID) to immediately take over the investigation and ensure diligent prosecution. “The police boss equally advised Members of the Public particularly parents to be watchful of their children especially the girl child against criminal minded elements who are roaming about seeking who to take advantage of. “He equally assures the Adamawa State Government and the general public of the Command’s unrelenting effort to see that it ends all forms of Gender Based Violence and assured of immediate prosecution.”