Shehu Gabam, the national chairman of the Social Democratic Party (SDP) has said it will not challenge the presidential election result announced by the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC). Gabam who spoke at a press conference in Abuja on Thursday, said although technical challenges marred the election, the SDP will not contest the declaration of Bola Ahmed Tinubu of the All Progressives Congress (APC) as the president-elect. “Notwithstanding the obvious challenges that were associated with the election and the concerns expressed by aggrieved stakeholders, the SDP hereby aligns with the final choice that has been made and as freely expressed by the Nigerian people across the divides, and we stand by the outcome of the electoral process,” the SDP chair said “We commend the INEC under the leadership of the Distinguished Prof. Yakubu Mahmud for pulling through in the face of all odds. “The election has been won and lost, what is right in the true interest of our country, is for all grievances to be addressed through the appropriate channels and very responsibly. “Our party believes strongly in the nation’s judicial system as capable of addressing the various issues from the elections, concerns expressed, and for it to always do the needful. READ ALSO: 2023 Election: NANS Diaspora Hails Tinubu, Urges Nigerians To Shun Violence “We also note that democratic consolidation for national unity and sustainable growth and development is the imperative of the times. “The SDP calls on the political class and the general public to eschew violence in their actions and pronouncements. “They should in practical terms and manifestly, work for peace and social order in the larger interest of our country.” He further called on the judiciary to be fair to all the parties that have decided to challenge the results. “Our law must work irrespective of whoever is involved,” he said. Peter Obi of the Labour Party (LP) and Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) have indicated their intention to challenge the presidential election’s outcome.