 The pan-Yoruba socio-political group, Afenifere, on Wednesday endorsed the candidacy of Lagos State Labour Party governorship candidate, Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour. The chairman of the group in the state, Supo Shonibare, said Rhodes-Vivour would make a huge difference if elected as the next governor of the state. Speaking during a press briefing held in Lagos, Shonibare said the victory of the party at the recently held presidential election was a vindication of the principled position of Afenifere regarding the requirement for equity, inclusiveness, fairness and justice. READ ALSO: Lagos Guber: I Supported, Empowered #EndSARS Victims – Sanwo-Olu He also urged the Independent National Electoral Commission to ensure that the procedure for voting and uploading results through the BVAS would be seamless and in real-time during the governorship election scheduled to hold on Saturday, March 11. “All candidates of the Labour Party for the Lagos State House of Assembly constituencies are noted to be natural workmates of the Gbadebo governorship. They too deserve our attention and votes. The teamwork that is afforded by this synergy will ensure a result-oriented administration and put an end to the many years of desultory governance in Lagos State.” Shonibare also called on local and international observers as well as voters to keep an eagle-eye watch on the conduct of security agencies and capture, where possible, infractions wherever they may occur. He however urged Lagos, residents, to ignore the false narrative of taking over Lagos, just as he specifically noted that Lagos is not a no man’s land but a Yoruba territory. He said, “We implore Lagos residents to ignore provocative posts on social media, many enabled by agent provocateurs, and aimed at fanning the embers of disunity among peace-loving residents and intended to pitch the Yorubas against Igbos. Igbos voted for Asiwaju Bola Tinubu in states in the Southeast, in the same way, that many Yoruba elected to vote for Mr Peter Obi in Lagos and other states in the Southwest. “Sitting here with us are members of the Committee of Indigenes of Lagos State who are supporting the Rhode- Vivour and Princess Oyefusi Governor and Deputy Governorship bid. We also have Mr Rhodes-Vivour Senior- the father of the candidate with us. We enjoin Lagosians to ignore the false, virulent, desperate attacks on the person of Mr Gbadebo Rhodes-Vivour and the false narrative of Igbo taking over Lagos. Mr Gbadebo Rhodes- Vivour is a Yoruba man, with his great-grandfather being one of the indigenous founders of new Lagos, after colonialism. Lagos is not a no man’s land. It is a Yoruba territory.” Shonibare added that the government of Mr Rhodes-Vivour would be comprised of Indigenous Lagosians, as well as ensuring that all ethnic groups and foreigners resident in Lagos are afforded their basic rights to ensure that they all contribute to the continuing growth of a city that is the fifth largest economy in Africa.