 The 2023 Mock Unified Tertiary Matriculation Examination (Mock-UTME), which was originally set for Thursday, March 16, 2023, has been moved to Thursday, March 30, 2023 by the Joint Admissions and Matriculation Board (JAMB). The Board was obliged to reschedule the exam date due to a change in the date of the gubernatorial and state house of assembly elections. The elections were originally slated to take place on Saturday, March 11, 2023, but are now scheduled to take place on March 18 2023. READ ALSO: Senate Threatens To Arrest Finance Ministry Perm. Sec. Over Missing N113m Allocated To JAMB Spokesperson of JAMB, Dr Fabian Benjamin who made this known in a statement on Monday in Abuja, said candidates, who registered early and indicated their willingness to take the Mock-UTME, would be notified as to when to print their Mock-UTME notification slip, which would contain their centres and other details. He explained that Mock-UTME is an optional examination introduced by the Board to provide opportunity for candidates to have hands-on experience with the system as well as allow the Board to ascertain its readiness and that of its partners for the main UTME, which is scheduled to hold between 29th April, to 12th May 2023. Benjamin also announced that this year’s UTME would witness some groundbreaking innovations aimed at addressing observed infractions and centre failures. He noted for instance that in the new regime if there is a delay of up to one hour before the commencement of a particular session, that session stands cancelled and would be rescheduled along with the candidates. “By the same token, no examination can be started one hour after the scheduled commencement time. The session will be scheduled for any VACANT or AVAILABLE slot. The Board has made it mandatory that candidates must be notified of their new scheduled session or centre, as the case may be, before they leave their centre. In addition, no candidate would be allowed to spend less than one hour before the submission of responses during the UTME.” Similarly, the new regime would make it impossible for candidates to log in after one hour of activation of the examination.