Solo predictions are single bet tips with a high chance of winning. They have been well-researched and analyzed by our team of experts and offer the possibility of sure wins. Solo predictions are popular because you get to win a great majority of the time. The odds are pretty decent so you get good returns for each solo prediction that you bet on. With our solo tips, you stand a good chance of making decent profits from your betting activities. There are many sites offering solo predictions but you need one that is reliable for you to enjoy consistent wins. This is where we come in to help. Our solo prediction on betting-tips.africa is published twice a week and covers matches throughout the week. We pick the top matches for each day from the most popular leagues and competitions across the world. There will always be at least one solo tip each day. We understand that the process of researching and analyzing each game when making your bets can be a difficult undertaking, especially when you are doing it on your own. As such, we take over these tasks for you, and in turn present you with well-analyzed solo tips that will make you a regular winner. Analyzing tips is our work and we have a whole team of dedicated tipsters to handle that on your behalf. With our solo predictions, you can be sure that you will be getting the most accurate tips possible. Our consistency will turn you into a regular winner. Our solo predictions are single bets, with each focussing on one individual match. This way, you reduce the risk associated with multibets or combined bets. Our experts are well-experienced and will ensure that they pick the markets that are most likely to bring you easy wins with good returns. In general, if you are betting on our solo tips, you will be assured of more wins at reduced risks compared to tips from other places. Do not risk with other tips that you are not sure about. Keep it here for the most reliable and consistent solo predictions. When betting, the focus is usually on the potential returns for every bet that you place. At Betting Tips Africa, we try to ensure that you get good value for your money with our solo predictions. We will pick for you markets with odds ranging from 1.50 to 2.50 for each single bet. From this, you should be able to make a decent profit from each single bet that we present to you as a solo tip. Since the solo tips are well-researched by our experts, we have reduced the risk significantly for you while still giving you good potential returns in the process. Our solo predictions also cover a wide range of football betting markets. This increases your chances of getting good returns, especially from the not so popular markets. Apart from the popular markets such as 1X2, Over/Under, and Double Chance, we also explore rare but lucrative markets such as Corners, Bookings, Goalscorers, and other Specials. With our solo predictions, you are not restricted, but are free to enjoy good wins in different markets. For each game, we try to pick the betting market that is more likely to give you high returns with almost certainty. If you want to start enjoying some good wins on a consistent basis then this is the place to get all your tips. With high odds, low risk, and a wide range of betting markets, you can be sure of good returns from our solo predictions and other betting tips as well.