The New Nigeria Peoples Party (NNPP) has tagged the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) as not being truthful with regards to postponement of the 2023 governorship and state assembly elections. Recall that INEC moved the elections from March 11 to March 18, following the Court of Appeal’s order granting the Commission permission to reconfigure the Bimodal Voter Accreditation System (BVAS). NNPP’s National Publicity Secretary, Agbo Major, said INEC ought to have been pro-active and made provision for spare BVAS. Major said the party has no problem with the rescheduling of the elections because the reasons given by the Commission are important. However, he said the electoral umpire is being deceitful, adding that the Commission is toiling with the stability of the nation. READ ALSO: INEC To Appeal Against Ruling On Temporary Voters Card Usage He said: “We have no problem with that because the reasons advanced by INEC are germane, that they needed time to reconfigure those BVAS. “You know that the order was just vacated a few days ago and there is no way they will be able to reconfigure BVAS that will go round the over 176,000 polling units and have them deployed across the country within three days and we see reasons with that. “But the question we keep asking is that with the huge resources made available to INEC, why were they not able to procure enough so that in an event of a stalemate like this, they will have a set of spare BVAS to deploy. “Remember also that they have been telling us that they have made an arrangement in such a way that in the event that anyone fail, there will be a standby BVAS machine that will be deployed. Where are they? The implication of that is that for every polling unit, there should be two BVAS – one working and one on standby. If that is the case, where is the second set? “I think these people are just being deceitful. That is my thinking about what INEC is doing. Whether anybody like it or not, they are toiling with the stability of our nation and that is uncalled for.”