Governorship candidate of the All Progressives Congress in Oyo State, Teslim Folarin, has debunked plans to sack civil servants employed under the administrations of the current Governor, Seyi Makinde, and his predecessor, Abiola Ajimobi, if elected in the governorship polls on Saturday, March 11. Folarin, gave this assurance during a meeting with some public servants in Ibadan, on Monday, said there was no reason to retrench any worker if given the opportunity. He admonished them to disregard the  allegation being spread by the agents of the opposition party that he would retrench workers. The APC governorship candidate said, “I was a civil servant in the United Kingdom for almost 20 years before venturing into partisan politics. Likewise, my running mate, Taiwo Okunlola, was also a civil servant for almost 22 years. Eight years as a secondary school teacher and 14 years as a university lecturer. Both of us cannot afford to fail the private, civil, and public servants in Oyo State. Oyo State workers and pensioners are in safe hands. “It is a statement of fact that civil and public servants under Governor Seyi Makinde of the Peoples Democratic Party are being underutilised with consultants engaged to take over their statutory responsibilities. An average civil/public official operates in an unfavourable working environment. READ MORE: “I Don’t Take Your Support For Granted” — Makinde Tells Oyo People Civil service rules and procedures are being relegated to the background. With a mindset of immediate rescue, I assure that both the public and civil services will be repositioned for a better, more vibrant, and efficient service delivery as laid down by our progenitors.” He also noted that his administration is determined to motivate civil and public servants for effective service delivery, through prompt payment of salaries and allowances; promotion as and when due, and training for capacity building. “APC administration under my watch will ensure regular payment of gratuities and pensions. We’ll reposition the service for effective and efficient performance,” he promised.