Atiku Abubakar, the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has pledged to introduce reforms that would enhance the status of traditional institutions in the country, if elected. Atiku, who disclosed this while speaking at the palace of the Olubadan of Ibadanland, Oba Lekan Balogun on Thursday, said such reforms would place traditional rulers in a position to ensure peace and security in their areas. He said, “Let me assure you that the PDP government will bring some reforms to enhance the position of traditional rulers to ensure that the traditional institutions play roles in ensuring security in the country.’’ The former vice president of Nigeria admitted that the nation is currently facing issues like insecurity but noted that traditional rulers have roles to play in maintaining security in their domains. “I remember that during the colonial regime, the traditional rulers played significant roles in ensuring security in their domains. READ ALSO: Atiku, Ayu Donate N40m To Victims Of Plateau Auto Crash “The PDP will introduce the reforms to ensure that traditional institutions take their rightful place. The government will dialogue with the people of various sections and areas in the country. These are the things we plan to introduce when we come to power.” The Olubadan who spoke through one of his High Chief, Tajudeen Ajibola, further advised Atiku to tackle insecurity in the country. He also called for the creation of Ibadan State, “On behalf of the Kabiyesi, the Kabiesi said that we need Ibadan State. The people of Ibadan, don’t you want Ibadan state? We want you to fix security in the country.” Prominent PDP leaders who accompanied Atiku to the palace included the vice presidential candidate and Delta State governor, Ifeanyi Okowa; PDP national chairman, Iyorcha Ayu; his predecessor, Prince Uche Secondus; former vice president, Namadi Sambo; one-time governor of Jigawa State, Sule Lamido; former Kogi State governor, Idris Wada; Olagunsoye Oyinlola and Dino Melaye. Others were; Ndudi Elumelu; Abdul Ningi, former governor Boni Haruna (Adamawa State); His Cross River State counterpart, Lyel Imoke; former speaker of the House of Representatives, Yakubu Dogara and Philip Aduda. 