 A Nigerian Air Force officer serving in Ilorin, Kwara State was on Tuesday crushed to death by a truck while another officer was seriously injured in the Eyenkorin area, a suburb of Ilorin, the state capital. According to Punch, the accident occurred at an Air Force security checkpoint after the brake of the truck failed when the driver was stopped by the officers for a normal check before entering the state capital. The deceased officer was identified as LCPL Goselle Nanpon while another officer who sustained a spinal cord injury in the accident was identified as LCPL Yahaya Ayuba. “The officers were on duty when the truck crushed one of the Air Force officers and critically injured another one after its break failed as it was approaching the air force checkpoint. “The driver of the truck attempted to run away after the incident but was apprehended,” an eyewitness told Punch. READ ALSO: NAF Kills Two Terror Kingpins, Over 100 Others In Borno The Kwara state Governor, Abdulrahman Abdulrazaq, in a condolence message signed by his Chief Press Secretary, Rafiu Ajakaye, described the incident as “tragic and painful”. He also commended the Air Force for the maturity and professionalism with which its officers handled the unfortunate incident. The statement said, “Kwara State Governor AbdulRahman AbdulRazaq has commiserated with the authorities of the Nigerian Air Force on the death of LCPL Goselle Nanpon who was killed by a truck driver at a security point in Ilorin, Kwara State. “My heartfelt condolences go to the highest echelon of the Nigerian Air Force and the families affected. It was indeed a regrettable tragedy and one occupational hazard too many. That incident again underpins the need for citizens to show due respect to the security operatives for the weight of sacrifices they make in the course of keeping our country safe. We truly appreciate them and regret the huge loss of an officer and a serious injury to the other,” the Governor said in a statement. “A state government delegation is being despatched to visit the families of the officers as a mark of respect for their service and sacrifices. We pray the Almighty God to grant speedy recovery to the injured officer and repose the soul of LCPL Goselle Nanpon and comfort his family.”