Nyesom Wike, Rivers State governor has said he is not responsible for frustrating the micro zoning of the South East alongside his counterpart, governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State. Wike made the statement at a road project’s flag-off in Emouha Local Government Area of the state. However, he opined that Atiku should be more concerned about the loss of confidence from his former boss and his coming election. Wike, also took a swipe against those accusing him and governor Samuel Ortom of Benue State of being responsible for frustrating the micro-zoning to South East the presidential ticket of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). Governor Wike said he had always believed in and supported concerted efforts towards ensuring that the presidency was zoned to the south. READ ALSO: PDP Crisis: “God’ll Never Give Power To The Wicked” – Wike Tells Okowa, Tambuwal He said, “I was one of those who led the campaign that the party’s chairmanship should go to the North because I believed the presidency should go to the South. I attended meetings of southern governors of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and other parties from Delta to Lagos to Enugu states, where we agreed that presidency should come to the south.” The G5 leader said that while southern cross-party consultations were going on, there were people in the PDP who were bent on frustrating the eventual zoning of the party’s presidential ticket to the South. Such people, he maintained, cannot turn around to cast the blame on him and Ortom to hide their scheme, thinking they can deceive Nigerians. He said, “I woke up this morning and read where they said, how Wike and Ortom frustrated PDP’s micro-zoning of the presidential ticket to South East. That was what the PDP presidential candidate, Atiku said. “I keep on saying, they will be contradicting themselves, telling lies up and down, thinking that Nigerians don’t know. How can they say that I influenced Ortom, told him to allow and throw the ticket open? “Nigerians know those who are opposed to the zoning of the party’s chairmanship first. And when the zoning committee was set up, this time, Atiku had gone to buy form to frustrate the recommendation of the zoning committee. So that when they have bought form, they could say, oh, there is no need for zoning, will you tell people to withdraw?” He nontheless said it is noteworthy that their gimmick is now hunting them because they were unfair to Nigerians. “Yes, you don’t like Ortom, no problem. I know my own, you don’t like me, no problems. But I, my state gave you the highest support in 2019 both with logistics and by votes. You can’t deceive every Nigerian again. What I have stood for are equity, fairness and justice. “So, saying that I and Ortom frustrated PDP micro-zoning to South East is neither here nor there. They know that they don’t want the presidency to come to the South.”