 Governor of Anambra State, Chukwuma Soludo, has called for the immediate and unconditional release of the leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, who has been in detention since 2021. Soludo made the demand in Awka, during the campaign kick-off of the All Progressives Grand Alliance on Saturday. He specifically appealed to the Federal Government to release Kanu unconditionally and immediately. The governor stated that if the arrested IPOB leader cannot be released unconditionally, he should be given to him, saying he was prepared to stand surety for him, while addressing the massive crowd of supporters and party members. He said, “I am making a passionate appeal to the Federal Government to release Mazi Nnamdi Kanu unconditionally. If he cannot be released unconditionally, I want him released to me and I will stand surety for him. “We need Nnamdi Kanu in the roundtable conversation to discuss the insecurity in the South-East. We must end insecurity in the South East and we need Nnamdi Kanu to be around.” READ ALSO: I’m Ready To Be Kanu’s Surety If FG Releases Him — Orji Kalu Soludo promised to cater to Kanu and also offered to bring him to the authorities any time he was required. He noted that Kanu could not be in prison custody while the issues of insecurity are being discussed in the entire South-East. He continued, “We need him around the discussion table, we need him to discuss about the future of the South-East. If the Federal Government cannot release him unconditionally, I now offer myself to ask the Federal Government to release him to me. “I will provide him anytime he is needed. I will house him here in Awka. We need him released to end insecurity in the South-East. We need him to have true conversation about Nigeria. We believe in Nigeria and we are Nigerians. “We, some time ago set up the Truth and Reconciliation Committee to find out the root cause of insecurity in the South East and they have almost concluded their assignment. “But this issue of insecurity cannot be well addressed without bringing to the table the key players in this matter. “We have applied the kinetic and non kinetic approach to fighting insecurity in the South East but the non kinetic approach cannot be complete without the Federal Government releasing Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. “We must bring him to the table because we need him to be part of this process and I call on the Federal Government to release him to me and for us to have a comprehensive discussion for the fate of the South East. “If we cannot release him based on the court process, I here by offer myself as the surety for his release and whenever you want him, I will hand him over to you “We shall provide him shelter and give him home and we make this plea in the true belief in the spirit of peace in the South East.”