Governor of Rivers State, Nyesom Wike has assured the State will be safer in the hands of the governorship candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Siminialayi Fubara, and his deputy, Ngozi Odu. Wike revealed this yesterday at Kelechi Nwogu Legacy Stadium, venue of the campaign flag-off rally of the Rivers State PDP in the Omuma Local Government Area. According to him, both the PDP governorship candidate and his deputy are seasoned technocrats with requisite experience about the workings of government, and have the capability to consolidate on the gains made already while continuing in the same development trajectory. The G5 leader recalled when he asked Omuma people to vote for him as governor in 2015 and 2019, he made promises that had all been fulfilled in terms of delivering of development projects to the area. He stated that he has returned to ask for electoral support from them for Fubara because such support will secure more infrastructure development for them. Wike noted that this was the first time Rivers State would  be blessed with two technocrats who have such wealth of experience, now ready to steer the affairs of state. READ ALSO: “Rubbish!” We’ll Legally Challenge Your Illegal Suspension Of Party Members – Wike Hits Ayu He said so many people have started to come to them with promises thinking that Rivers people have forgotten how they shared money meant for development when they had the opportunity to preside over the state affairs. “The money that should have been used to develop Omuma and some other local governments of Rivers State was siphoned by Cole and his master. That is why we have charged them to court because we will not allow anybody who stole our money to come to power through backdoor,” he alleged. The governor insisted that the likes of such persons cannot be allowed to preside over the state because Rivers people will deliver votes to those who have promised, fulfilled such promises and delivered projects. “Nobody should be afraid of whatever is going on in the country. We cannot be intimidated. Nobody can take away this flag away from us. We are not second class citizen to anybody and we must continue to stand firm and make sure our state is protected,” he said. Wike also urged them to collect their permanent voters cards (PVCs) because it is their power to resist those who failed in their vain attempt to use the military and the police to rig the 2019 general election. “Our power is our PVCs. We will use it well on February 25 and March 11. Let me tell you, this election will not be like 2019 when they used soldiers and used police. It will not happen again,” he said.  