Special assistant (Public Communication) to Atiku Abubakar, the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Phrank Shaibu, on Sunday accused the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, of trying to ride to Aso Villa on treachery. Stating this in Abuja, Shaibu said contrary to the denial from Tinubu’s camp, the former Lagos State governor indeed met with five aggrieved PDP governors in London. There were reports that G5 governors; Nyesom Wike (Rivers), Samuel Ortom (Benue), Okezie Ikpeazu (Abia), Seyi Makinde (Oyo) and Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi (Enugu), met Tinubu in London, but Tinubu denied the reports. But Shaibu, in a statement titled, “Tinubu wants to ride on treachery to the villa”, insisted that the former Lagos governor met with the aggrieved governors. He said, “Apparently miffed by the reactions that have trailed his ignoble meeting with the G-5 Governors, Tinubu, told a barefaced lie by denying ever meeting the governors in London. READ ALSO: New Year: I Have Done My Best For Nigeria – Buhari Insists “Incidentally, Governor Nyesom Wike, who is known for his bravado, had failed to deny ever meeting with Tinubu, saying instead that “They said we had a meeting with so and so. What is your problem? “I make bold to state that if the G-5 never met with Tinubu, Wike would have been the one to deny it. “Curiously, while the news of the meeting, which was reported by several credible media houses was trending, two spokesmen for the APC Presidential Campaign, Festus Keyamo and Femi Fani-Kayode took to social media to celebrate the support Tinubu would be getting from the G-5.” The special assistant said it was funny that it took the Tinubu camp three days before denying the meeting, adding that it is “also awfully coincidental that the G-5 and Tinubu all decided to travel to London at the same time and depart at the same time with Tinubu proceeding to Saudi Arabia and the other governors returning to Nigeria.” He claimed that Tinubu decided to deny the meeting because “the details of the meeting are too messy and the APC candidates in the five states are fighting back. “All the G-5 governors are on the ballot except for Governor Wike and there is a fight back from the APC governorship and National Assembly candidates from the affected states where the G-5 Governors hold sway.”