Former Manchester United forward, Cristiano Ronaldo has completed his medical as Al-Nassr prepare to unveil him on Tuesday afternoon. The Portuguese superstar, 37, shared a picture on social media of him undergoing tests in Saudi Arabia. This came after he landed in the Middle East on Monday evening to a jubilant reception from the Al Nassr fans. He is set to be officially unveiled by the club at 4pm BST on Tuesday. His public arrival will take place at an open training session in front of Al Nassr supporters at the team’s 25,000-seater Mrsool Park stadium in Riyadh. The Real Madrid legend’s new side moved to the top of the Saudi Pro League over the weekend following a 1-0 win over Al-Khaleej. His deal with the Saudi Arabian outfit is believed to be worth around £173-million-a-year. He has signed a contract until 2025 but it could last as long as seven years as he is expected to become an ambassador for the club after retiring. That means Ronaldo would pocket as much as £1.2BILLION over the course of the contract. Speaking after penning the two-and-a-half-year deal, he said: “I’m thrilled for new experience in a different league and a different country. “The vision that Al Nassr has is very inspiring. I am very excited to join my team-mates, to help the team to achieve more success.” Ronaldo had been heavily linked with a move to Saudi ever since his Man Utd deal was terminated following an explosive interview with Piers Morgan. He initially distanced himself from a move to the Middle East as he wanted play in the Champions League this season. And during his interview with Morgan, Ronaldo confirmed he had previously turned down £3m per week to play there. When pressed on how difficult it was to turn down a figure that high, he added: “It’s hard. It’s hard. But in the same way, I thought that I was very happy here; that I [am] still capable to score goals and make people happy. “I still believe that I can score many many goals and help the team because I still believe that I’m still good and capable to help national team – even Manchester United. “But if you don’t feel around you that the energy’s on your side, it’s difficult. “Of course, the criticism is gonna exists all the time. Ah he’s 37, he’s not the same. “But I want to see if some guy of my age maintain the level that I show. You’re not gonna teach me that. Nobody is gonna teach me that.” However, following a challenging World Cup which saw Ronaldo dropped to the Portugal bench for their shock exit to Morocco, he changed his mind.