 Reality TV star, Kate Jones, popularly known as Ka3na, has revealed she’s not pregnant with a child, contrary to what she made many believe with the maternity pictures shared on Instagram. The Big Brother Naija alumni earlier claimed she was expecting a child after sharing pictures of herself rocking a baby bump on Tuesday. “We’re pregnant @lila_bossbaby,” she captioned the post which also featured her first child, Lila. “We’ve carried you in our hearts for far too long! Now we’re restless to hold you in our arms and show you off to the world. Together we will love, nurture and watch you blossom.” Days later, she also flooded her Instagram page with several other videos of herself rocking the baby bump. READ ALSO: You Pay Doctors Millions For Body Surgery And Pay Me Peanut To Cover The Scar – Man Calls Out BBN Ka3na However, the mother of one in another post on Monday, revealed that she was not pregnant with a child, but was instead, “birthing” a business idea to reality. In the video, Jones revealed the name of her new clothing brand, “Millennials” which she co-owns with her daughter. “Meet our new baby,” she wrote. “Millennials by @ka3na_brand co owned By My Daughter @lila_bossbaby.” According to her, the collection was “conceived and birthed on the love and inseparable bond” between herself and her “super talented daughter.” “I wanted to create a brand that will bring us much closer together. A brand that will inspire other millennial mothers and families. Glad to finally say we made It!” she added. Following her fake pregnancy, Ka3na hailed herself for being the best in premium content. Some for her fans who weren’t pleased with it took to her comment section to lambast her. Layo wrote, “And that’s how I unfollowed you on all your platforms…this was unnecessary Agnes Omobolanle wrote, “Is this suppose to be funny Azuki James wrote, “This level of clout chasing is disgusting Kaycee Blinks wrote, “E be like day this one don dey cr@ze Bertha Korah wrote, “King of clout Linda Dadson wrote, “This level of cr@ziness deserves it’s own reality show Goddess of Cruse wrote, “Madam rest in Jesus name Ojomuyide Foluke wrote, “Why u dey whine us now Shey na cloth u born ni”. Watch video below:   A post shared by KA3NA (@official_ka3na) 