 Peter Obi, the presidential candidate for the Labour Party, has stated that the country’s highest office is not a retirement home for aged people, but a place for young, agile individuals who have a passion for the development of the country. It was the turn of the Nigerian youth to take back the country, according to Obi, who claimed to be the only young person running for office among the four major political parties. He also added that all other offices should be filled by young people. The LP flagbearer, who spoke in Ado Ekiti during his campaign in Ekiti State on Thursday, harped on “character, competence, commitment and compulsion as necessary in the election”, saying, “this election must be based on competence. READ ALSO: 2023: Obasanjo’s Endorsement Of Obi A Ruse, Atiku Is Best Suited – PDP Reps. Forum “We want people who are competent, who understand the problem of our country. Our people are dying of poverty, we want people that will fight poverty. The LP government is going to fight poverty. I am committed to building a new Nigeria. Let nobody tell you it is his turn, I am not contesting based on turn, I am contesting as a Nigerian who is the most qualified.” While canvassing Ekiti people’s vote for him to emerge as the next president, he told the youth, “It is not a retirement home. We want you to take power, our government will be full of young people, youth and women, we want to give power back to you. “Vote for Peter Obi and the vice presidential candidate, Ahmed Datti, and see how Nigeria will change. I and Datti are qualified. We have the education, the physical energy, the commitment, the passion. “The LP government will secure and unite this country. Today, there is no security in the country, we want to secure and unite the country. Today, people are hungry in the country, there are no jobs, there are no jobs for our youths. “What we want to do is to ensure that we move the country forward from consumption to production. If we start producing in this country, there will be jobs, our youths will have jobs, we will export, then the value of the naira will be strong against the currencies of the United States, United Kingdom and others”.