 The Oyo State Police Command has paraded nine suspects arrested for crimes ranging from kidnapping and armed robbery to rape and illegal possession of firearms. The state Police Public Relations Officer, Adewale Osifeso, who paraded the suspects before newsmen at the command headquarters in Eleyele on Monday, said a lady (name withheld), went to visit her friend at Alakia, Ibadan, and on getting to the community around 9pm was accosted at a desolate spot by three night security guards. “In a rather twisted turn of events, the young lady, having been dispossessed of her mobile phone, was whisked to another desolate spot, where she was held till about 01.25 am the next day. READ ALSO: 60-Year-Old Man Allegedly Rapes Daughter’s 16-Year-Old Friend In Ondo “In furtherance of the above, the three guards took turns to have unlawful carnal knowledge of the young lady and as well forced her to transfer money into a bank account before she was abandoned to her fate at the scene. “Upon interrogation, the suspects confessed to the crime. One dane gun, which they used for the criminal activity, and the Infinix mobile phone belonging to the victim, were recovered from the suspects,” the police spokesman added. Also paraded was a 46-year-old man, Success Samuel, who was arrested over the alleged killing of a 65-year-old man, Moshood Orolade, in Ibadan, the state capital. Orolade was reportedly murdered in cold blood on Tuesday, January 3, 2023, at his residence at Alakia in the Egbeda Local Government Area of the state. Osifeso said the alleged killer and other suspects entered the residence of the victim with mortal and other weapons. He added that during the raid, which lasted for several hours, the hoodlums killed their target and dispossessed members of his family of valuables, including cell phones and a huge amount of money. Osifeso said, “On January 3, 2023, around 01.30am, a notorious robbery syndicate invaded a community in the Alakia area of Ibadan with guns, cutlasses and other weapons. “Regrettably, the head of the family, whose name was later given as Moshood Orolade, was brutally murdered in cold blood by the armed robbers before fleeing from the scene of the crime. A distress call, according to the report, was put through to the police, which resulted in the arrest of the kingpin of the armed robbery syndicate.” Also paraded were nine suspected members of the Alora and Aiye cult confraternities and other criminal suspects.