The Deputy Senate President, and Delta State All Progressives Congress governorship candidate, Senator Ovie Omo-Agege, has said there will be a tsunami of defections from the opposition Peoples Democratic Party, to the APC in the days ahead. Omo Agege stated this at the ongoing APC Ward to Ward campaigns, on Monday, January 9, at Iyede-Ame and Ofagbe, both Isoko communities, in Ndokwa East and Isoko North LGAs respectively. While welcoming the latest top-level decampees from PDP, notably former House of Assembly Speaker, Chief Monday Igbuya; former Delta State Oil Producing Areas Development Commission, DESOPADEC, Executive Secretary, Chief Andy Osawota; former DESOPADEC Commissioner, Chief Pius Ovbije, aka POC; and former Executive Assistant to Delta State governor, Dr Ifeanyi Okowa, on Technical Education, Michael Akpobire, Senator Omo-Agege said this is just the tip of the iceberg. “I can comfortably tell you that Governor Okowa and PDP have seen nothing yet. In next days and weeks ahead, there’s going to be a tsunami, and it will shake Delta PDP to its very foundations. “Already, we have been informed that other senior members of the party like BOT member, Chief Judith Enamuotor, and former House of Representatives member, Mrs. Almona Isei have left. They are joining us. “Governor Okowa is so wicked that even his own party members are angrier than even others. In Seven years and seven months, he has received over N4.2 trillion. But look at our state. There’s absolutely nothing to show for it. Instead, all we hear are allegations that he has used N25billion of Delta money to float a bank. “Last week, I challenged him to tell Deltans the truth about the bank. I’m still waiting. We are all waiting. And to ad insult to injury, he goes and brings Sheriff Oborevwori, a man whose academic and moral credentials are in public dispute, to succeed him as governor. That’s the biggest insult of all.” Senator Omo-Agege enjoined Deltans to join hands to terminate Governor Okowa’s “illicit dream “ to be Vice President. The way to do this is to vote massively for APC presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, as well as all other APC candidates across the board.