Security operatives on Tuesday barricaded the entrance to the New Bussa Township Stadium in Borgu Local Government Area of Niger State and prevented a planned Tinubu-Shettima campaign rally from taking place. Aliyu Sabi Abdullahi, the Deputy Chief Whip of the Senate, had organized a rally to promote the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Ahmed Tinubu and his running mate, Senator Kashim Shettima. The political event was also planned to promote the APC governorship candidate, Umar Bago and his running mate, Yakubu Garba in the State. However, the 11am event could not go on as planned because the security operatives locked and barricaded the entrance while turning back journalists and supporters who arrived at the venue as early as 8.30am. Two trucks of heavily armed mobile policemen were stationed at the gate of the stadium while regular policemen locked the gates and prevented supporters from gaining entrance, according to The Nation. Three pickup vans mounted with guns and filled with heavily armed men of the Nigerian Army were also seen patrolling around the stadium. READ ALSO: Tinubu Established Jagaban Army To Disrupt National Security, Attacked Buhari’s Convoy – PDP Alleges Meanwhile, a Police operative was quoted to have told newsmen off record that the order to lock the stadium came from higher authorities. Niger State Police spokesman, Wasiu Abiodun, speaking on the development, said the event was stopped from going on due to fears of a security breach based on credible intelligence available to them. In his words, “The Police had to take over the venue of the planned rally, as a proactive measure due to intelligence received of likely breach of security at the venue. “Hence, we have to do the needful to avert any possible attack or hijack by suspected miscreants to cause mayhem and breach of peace in the community. “The Command will not fold its arms and allow act of political violence, avoidable loss of life, destruction of properties and lawlessness.” Unconfirmed reports had it that the order to stop the rally was given by governor Sani Abubakar Bello but as at the time of filing this report, neither the governor nor Abdullahi had reacted officially to the development. 