 The Rivers State Police Command said its officers arrested a suspected six-man criminal gang on the Elele-Owerri Road of the State. The police said the suspects were arrested during a stop-and-search operation, adding that five firearms, military and other security gears were recovered in the vehicles conveying the gang. The spokesperson for the Command, Grace Iringe-Koko, disclosed this in a statement issued on Tuesday and made available to newsmen. Iringe-Koko said the arms and ammunition recovered included two English-made automatic revolvers, pointing out that all the suspects hailed from Kogi State. READ ALSO: Bandits Demand Release Of Their PoS Operator, Threaten To Kill Traditional Ruler, Party Chairmen The statement read “Operatives of the Rivers State Police Command on Thursday, 26th January 2023, at about 1140hrs on a stop-and-search duty along Elele Owerri Road, intercepted a Toyota Sienna with Reg. No. KNE 194 AJ with six occupants. “They are Boniface Owoicho (driver), 55; Momo Junior, 27; Mudi Moses, 25; Ibrahim John, 35; Abdul Faruk, 23; and Nuhu Imadi, all of Kogi State. “Following a thorough search conducted in the vehicle, the police team recovered five arms, (three English-made single barrels and two English-made automatic revolver barrels), and twenty AA live cartridges. “Also recovered were four police belts, five knives, two military cardigans, three operational boats, one Civil Defence operation hat, two long-sleeved singlets engraved with Nigerian Hunters and Forest Security Services. “Others are four face caps, two woven caps, ten GSM handsets, five Identity Cards , two torch lights (sic), a bag containing chaplets, rings, beads, anointing oil, one Civil Defence operation trousers, and one Muslim neck pullover.” She further said, “A full-scale investigation has already commenced and those found culpable will be charged to court at the conclusion of the investigation.” The Command urged all residents of Rivers State to remain calm, vigilant and report any suspicious activity/movement to the police for prompt action.