Babajide Sanwo-Olu, the Lagos State governor, has said he will henceforth, not attend any forum that may require him being together with his Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) rival, Abdul-Azeez Adediran, popularly known as Jandor. Gbenga Omotoso, the state’s Commissioner for Information and Strategy, confirmed the development in a statement on Saturday, adding that Sunday’s pre-election debate which is “The Platform Governorship Debate” organized by the Covenant Nation Church will not be attended by the governor The decision stems from the violence that ensued between the supporters of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the PDP in the Aguda area of Surulere, Lagos, on Friday. In different videos seen by Information Nigeria on Friday night, thugs in a Hilux bus with posters of Jandor were holding machetes and shooting sporadically, while in another video, APC supporters attacked Jandor’s convoy and blocked major roads in the area. The intervention of policemen in the convoy, sorted the chaos and the government has since commenced an investigation into the incident. The statement read: “The Lagos state government has noted the flood of comments sparked by the shocking video of a group of thugs shooting in broad daylight in Surulere. READ ALSO: Jandor’s Campaign: Lagos PDP, APC Trade Blames Over Surulere Attack “Security agencies are investigating the video, which has gone viral on social media. We believe they will fish out and prosecute the evil actors, who are believed to be henchmen of the opposition Peoples Democratic Party (PDP). “We condemn this savagery that has portrayed our state, the safest in Nigeria, in a bad light. That is not who we are; we are civilized and cultured. “Following advice from competent sources, including elders and respectable Lagosians, we will henceforth shun any forum that may require us being together with PDP and its agents of violence. “Consequently, Governor Babajide Sanwo-Olu regrets to announce that he will not be participating at The Platform Governorship Debate of January 29, 2023. “The governor holds Pastor Poju Oyemade and The Covenant Nation Church family in high esteem and cherishes future opportunities to engage the congregation and render accounts of his stewardship to them as integral parts of the Lagos electorate. “We will never be found in the company of those to whom the lives of innocent Lagosians mean nothing. Mr. Sanwo-Olu won’t share a podium with them.”  