A former member of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Campaign Council (PCC), Najaatu Mohammed, has alleged that the candidate of the party, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, shared money to the party’s governors to influence his emergence as the presidential flag bearer of the party. Mohammed who had last Saturday announced her resignation from the APC campaign organization and the ruling party stated that her conscience would not allow her to continue in the APC PCC. She claimed that Tinubu was too sick as he could not hold a teacup when she visited him in London some time ago. She also said the gaffes and blunders trailing Tinubu’s campaign appearances were an indication of ill health, and the fact that he was incapable of presiding over the affairs of the nation. The former APC member, who said Vice President Yemi Osinbajo would have been a better choice given Tinubu’s poor health, however, dismissed supporters of the presidential hopeful as greedy and interested only in his money. In an interview with ThisDay on Monday, Mohammed said she was shocked, when Tinubu told her he didn’t have a blueprint for the North but instead, asked her to itemise what she thought should be the needs of the north. Disclosing that the party primary election was a cash and carry exercise, she said, “You see, there is nothing like democracy in this democratic system. The whole thing is a hoax. I will tell you for instance what happened in their primary election. People were given ballot papers with Asiwaju written on it. That was what happened and we saw a clip in which governors were collecting money. It’s so shameful. It’s a disgrace. “Yes collecting money, sharing money given to them by Asiwaju. It is such a disgrace. It is the first time that I have heard or seen such. At  least in this dispensation, I have been in politics for decades, I was born into it. But this is the first time that a presidential candidate will be sponsoring governors. “This is what is happening. So, you see Asiwaju is synonymous with money. So, for God’s sake, if all it takes is money, then, what else will he do when he takes over power? It’s for him to retrieve his money. It is not even about Egbe Omo Oduduwa, Osinbajo is even more Egbe Omo Oduduwa than Tinubu. “He’s a Professor, he’s brilliant. For few weeks he was given to govern this country, he did a great job. But the Lagos-Ibadan press, they said all sort of things against him. Tinubu controls the strongest propaganda machine in this country, which is the Lagos–Ibadan press.” READ ALSO: Conceal Tinubu’s Health Details – Omokri Tells Ex-APC Chieftains The former director of the APC campaign in charge of civil society, said the candidate’s supporters were a greedy lot only after Tinubu’s war chest. “Let me tell you why they are following Asiwaju, they know that he’s incapable. They know that he can’t decipher, they know that there is something seriously wrong with his brain. It is like they say in Hausa, somebody will hold the horn, and you will be milking. So, all of  these people talking all these nonsense know that he’s incapable, know that he’s handicapped but they also know that he’s already a cabal that they can depend on for the piece of a pie. “No more, no less. I want to tell you that I have not spoken to anyone, both in or outside APC from up north that I know that has told me or that believes Asiwaju is capable. But all they are saying is that you know we have to get something out of it. “The problem is extreme selfishness. All these people that you are talking about are thinking of themselves as individual, their personal interest; they  don’t have the country at heart. That is why I said I have to follow my conscience because I cannot afford…in fact, to be silent is criminal. This is my position. Anyone that refuses to talk when they are supposed to talk is either a hypocrite or a coward or both. So, that is why I took the position I took. “These people that you are talking about, in Hausa, we say they are the plugs from north to south. But they are an insignificant minority and the voice of the generality of Nigerians that they have allowed themselves to be pulled by the nose, some out of ignorance, some out of tribal or religious sentiments. “Let me tell you what our prophet said, when they said Muslim-Muslim ticket,…because Islam is explicit on the question of leadership. What it says is a chosen atheist is better than an unjust Muslim. The first law chosen by God is the law in which Allah himself put on himself. The first law was that if he had denied himself the right to oppress, that is the law and then he went on to say that he had denied injustice within my creation. So, what are we talking about, what the hell about Muslim-Muslim,” she said. However, the APC-PCC, in a statement, last night, by the Adviser on Public Affairs, Tinubu Media Office, Mahmud Jega, said Mohammed deceived the gullible public by claiming that she resigned. According to Jega, “The Asiwaju/Shettima Presidential Campaign Council received with amusement the hasty ‘resignation’ of Hajiya Naja’atu Mohammed from her position as Director of Civil Society Organisations just before she was sacked for incompetence, quarrelsomeness and after being uncovered to be a mole planted in our winning campaign in order to leak sensitive information to our desperate opponents. “Although she deceived the gullible public by claiming that she resigned, her sack letter with ignominy from the campaign and the party had just arrived at her desk.” The campaign noted that  Mohammed’s desperate, fact-free, machination-filled and imaginary utterances since her sack from the campaign has proven beyond doubt that she was unfit to serve in the first place, until it was discovered that she was actually a “mole”.