Dakuku Peterside, a chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) has called on governor Nyesom Wike to publicly name his preferred presidential candidate without further delay. Recall that Wike had vowed in December 2022 to reveal the choice candidate of the five Peoples Democratic Party aggrieved governors in January 2023. According to Peterside, the Rivers State governor is placing personal interest above public interests. Speaking at the APC rally in Opobo-Nkoro, the former Director-General of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA) added that Wike is not a man of courage as he ought to have publicly revealed his preferred presidential candidate for the February 25 polls. “Wike is not a man of courage, as he wants Nigerians to believe”. “Wike avoids difficult conversations, lacks vision and pursues personal interest above people’s interest. “I dare Wike to tell the people the presidential candidate he is supporting if he is a man. He had promised his fans that he will unveil his candidate latest January but he lacks courage to take a position,” the APC stalwart was quoted as saying in a statement by his media team. READ ALSO: ‘I Can’t Campaign For People That Didn’t Ask For It’ – Wike Takes Jab At Ayu, Atiku On political developments in the Opobo locality, Peterside lamented that it is shameful that acts of violence are now taking place in the area because of politics. He accused the local government chairman of introducing violence into an area that had been peaceful since 1999. In his words, “It is a shame that they will go to the extent of attacking their fellow Opobo people because of politics, something that has never happened in our political history. “Opobo people have been known for political tolerance, diplomacy, exposure and decency but the chairman, acting on the instruction of his gods, has now joined the home of our forebears to the list of flashpoints in Rivers State; this is reckless, irresponsible and disgraceful to say the least.” Dakuku further urged the people of Rivers State to reject the Peoples Democratic Party and vote for the APC candidate in the forthcoming governorship election. “We cannot choose our clan’s man who is not a doctor to perform surgery or who is not a pilot to fly plane; we cannot go for clan over competence and character. “The APC has in Tonye Cole, a competent, graceful, intelligent, capable and read-for-the-job governorship candidate. Our people will vote for the APC from bottom to the top and not amount of intimidation will change that.” 