Rabiu Kwankwaso, the presidential candidate of the New Nigeria Peoples Party, has promised to address the incessant use of drugs by the youths in the country if elected president in the next month’s presidential election. Kwankwaso who made the pledge at the Northwest presidential campaign at the Ahmadu Bello Stadium, Kaduna on Saturday, reiterated his commitment to providing the enabling environment in the education sector through the payment of external examination fees for all Nigerian students. “Our blueprint is the best for Nigeria. There is no time to enumerate everything because it is a 122 page document. But there are some critical areas, especially the area of education where we have decided that we will cancel payments for any form either for WAEC or NECO or JAMB or application to any institution in this country. The presidential hopeful said he would address drug abuse among Nigerian youth which he noted had become a major challenge, saying that he would address it holistically and rehabilitate victims of such abuse across the country. “At the primary level we are going to build at least 500,000 classrooms for the out of school children who are today over 20 million. We will create job opportunities. We will stop this madness of taking drugs. That is what we have done in Kano,” he said. READ ALSO: NNPP Will End Insecurity, Rebuild Economy – Kwankwaso Continuing, his running mate, Isaac Idahosa, insisted at that Nigeria needed a “deliverer” like Kwankwaso as next president of the country. Idahosa noted that the party would unite Nigerians and restore peace across the land. Idahosa said, “Nigeria at this critical times needs not just a president but a deliverer and Kwankwaso is the only one that can save the country from her myriad of challenges.” Earlier, the National Chairman of NNPP, Ahmed Rufai Alkali assured Nigerians that Kwankwaso if voted on the 25 February, 2023 will doubtlessly take Nigeria to the promised land. “We have a leader in Kwankwaso who is eminently qualified to drive Nigeria out of crisis, he will take Nigeria to its promised land because he has what he takes to deliver the country,” Alkali said.