The presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi, on Friday said Nigeria needs a leader that would rebuild the country without wastages. Obi while addressing participants at a campaign held in the Rwang Pam stadium, Jos, the Plateau State capital, stated that the only accusation against him was that he was stingy. According to him, Nigeria needed a stingy leader with a culture of saving which would in turn earn the citizens’ loyalty. This was as the former governor of Anambra State said the ‘Obidient’ movement did not necessarily represent a political party but a people of different formations desirous of building a new Nigeria. A statement from the Obi-Datti media team read in part, “The Labour Party presidential candidate, Mr. Peter Obi, landed on the Plateau on Friday declaring that what is needed in this country going forward is a leader that will stop wastages and begin the rebuilding of a new Nigeria that the people will be loyal and faithful to, not to their various political parties. READ ALSO: Youths Issue Give Soludo 48 hrs To Return Peter Obi’s Billboards “Obi noted that the only accusation against him is stinginess, but remarked that Nigeria needs a stingy person to safeguard its resources and deploy them appropriately. “Obi told the Gbong Gwom Jos, Da Jacob Gyang Buba when he paid him homage in his palace that saving is a character formation, noting that while other candidates accused themselves of stealing government money, the only accusation against him was stinginess, adding that it is time for Nigerian leaders to stop wastages in government. “The Labour Party flag bearer said that the Obidient movement does not necessarily represent a political party but a people of different formations desirous of building a new Nigeria.” Obi also led the people to observe a minute silence for members of the Peoples Democratic Party who died in a road accident while returning from a  rally in the state. “The life of every Nigerian is important.” He said. 