 Nollywood actress, Beverly Naya has opened up on surviving bullying at a young age. In an interview with media personality, Chude Jideonwo, Beverly revealed that in her formative years, she was always bullied, even for the slightest thing. Revealing why, she stated that she was considered ugly and unattractive because she had crooked teeth and eczema. People around her always called her several unprintable names which made her feel less of herself. READ ALSO: Say No To Bullying, Sanwo-Olu Admonishes Pupils This made her see herself as an ugly duckling, who isn’t cute. Beverly revealed that she was able to find her confidence and blossomed around 16 as her skin cleared and she got braces. However, this only made things worse for her as the bullying intensified. She got severely bullied to the point that her bullies ganged up on her and she ended up with a black eye, and a chipped tooth. “My formative years, I was always getting bullied for one thing or the other and so no matter what school I was in, I always felt like there was always going to be something that I was going to get attacked for. So, when I was younger, I was an ugly duckling, I wasn’t cute. I don’t care what my mom says, I was not a cute kid. “I had crooked teeth, eczema. Just didn’t look good as far as I was concerned and as far as people around me were concerned. I used to get called ‘snakeskin, buck teeth, light bulb head, football legs’ just different kinds of stuff and then I just blossomed. “My skin cleared, I got braces, I just kind of blossomed. And I started to kind of feel beautiful for the first time in my life around 16 and I think I probably was owning it a bit too much for some people in my school. I got bullied for that and it really broke me, because I was like ‘look, I can’t win’. When I was younger, I was getting bullied for being ugly and unattractive and now I finally feel like I’m beautiful and I’m trying to own it. That’s now the problem. I’m now getting bullied for that. “So, I got ganged up on and ended up with a black eye, a chipped tooth, on the same day.” Watch video below:   A post shared by Chude Jideonwo (@chudeity) 