 The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Ogunwusi, on Saturday, during the Grand-finale of New Year Prayer organised by the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN), confessed that Jesus is Lord. The monarch went on saying that those who do not acknowledge the existence of the Almighty God are fools. Oba Ogunwusi, who led different Christian worship songs and praises during the service, clarified that it was a good thing to always praise the Lord Jesus Christ and appreciate Him. READ ALSO: Why I Married Ooni Of Ife – Olori Tobi Philips “When I look back, I observe that my life is full of God’s wonders and miracles despite all challenges faced, but today, the Lord gave me victory over them all. “I sat down here last year with a lot of tribulations and storms of life in which I cannot explain, but to God be the Glory that my shame has turned to celebration. “I observed where I started, hitherto, the Lord has helped me. It is clearly stated to me that the Lord is Alive. Fool is anyone that says there’s no God,” the traditional ruler stated. He charged Christians to hold firmly unto Jesus Christ, adding “truly, He is the son of God and He is the one that lives with him (Ogunwusi) on the throne. Ooni said that there was no one who worked with God that lost, adding that money was not everything in life. According to him, sound health, safety, feeding among others were part of God’s goodness. The traditional ruler appealed to the officials of CAN not to wait for God’s commendation, but should strive to serve God wholeheartedly. Quoting the Bible, Ogunwusi said, “for He is the rewarder of those that diligently seek Him. Ooni reiterated his commitment to serve God and humanity throughout the rest of his life as well as always work for the growth and development of Ile-Ife, Osun, the Yoruba race and country at large. He urged all and sundry to always appreciate God and put all their trust in Him in order to receive all their requests in life from Him. Oba Ogunwusi warned youths against allowing politicians to instigate them to violence and other social vices particularly before, during and after the forthcoming general election.