Nyesom Wike, governor of Rivers State, says he has given approval to the Presidential Campaign Council (PCC) of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) to access, use the Adokiye Amiesimaka Stadium for campaign of the party’s presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, in the State. Wike, however, explained that the approval granted at no cost to the Presidential Campaign Council, would be accessible to the council 48 hours to the February 11, 2023, presidential campaign. The governor revealed this while speaking at the campaign flag-off rally by the Rivers State PDP Campaign Council in Oyigbo Local Government Area on Friday. According to him, the Director-General of the PCC in Rivers State, Abiye Sekibo, has no right to take possession of the stadium one month before the date of the stipulated event. He further warned Sekibo not to provoke the Rivers State government by desperately wanting to take possession of the State-owned stadium weeks to the campaign, or else the approval would be cancelled. READ ALSO: 2023 Election: I’m Close To Deciding Who To Support – Wike The G5 leader said by the approval he signed, Sekibo and his group could only begin to access the stadium two days to the event to verify and put in place what they required for their rally. “Let me also use this opportunity to warn Abiye Sekibo, we have made approval for your presidential candidate to use Adokiye Amiesimaka Stadium, February 11, you have no right to begin to go to the stadium now. We cannot give you access to the stadium now. We can only give you access to the stadium two days to the occasion for you to prepare. “Nobody gave you one month. So, if you dare it again, to go and force yourself into the stadium, I will cancel the approval with immediate effect. Dare it again, I will cancel it. Heaven will not fall. In fact, if heaven falls now, we will be happy that it was in our time heaven came down.” The governor wondered why Sekibo was acting against the approval given to him and said it appears that he is finding a reason to blame him, in the event that the rally fails. “I know you are not ready to do that rally. You are only looking for excuse. But, you must do it. I know you are going to import people, no problems, go and import. We have given you the stadium.” 