Spokesperson for the Tinubu-Shettima Presidential Campaign Council, Festus Keyamo has vowed to sue the flag bearer of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar over alleged money laundering and related offences. Keyamo’s reaction stems from a viral audio by a whistleblower, Michael Achimugu, that claimed the former Vice President used Special Purpose Vehicles to usurp funds while in office between 1999 and 2007. The spokesman noted that if push comes to shove, he would quit his role if Tinubu asked him to withdraw his court case against Atiku. He maintained that Atiku should be arrested and prosecuted for alleged breach of the Code of Conduct Act, money laundering, criminal breach of trust and conspiracy. In a later development, spokesman for Atiku’s campaign, Dino Melayo described the allegations against his principal as a fairy tale, adding that the council won’t engage the APC on the matter. However, Keyamo, a serving Minister of State for Labour and Employment, said on Channels Television’s Politics Today programme on Tuesday, “We will know whether there is fairytales when we get to court. READ ALSO: Ogun Refuses To Grant Atiku Access To Campaign In MKO Abiola Stadium “In the case when they challenged my principal (Bola Tinubu), when they brought up dead documents from the US, I said go to court. Come out with your full chest and go to court. Up until today they ran away. I am going to court. If they wish this thing away, it won’t go away.” “I’m proceeding to court. And if Asiwaju says, ‘Festus, you’re diverting from my campaign, just campaign for me.’ I will say take your campaign because this is in national interest. I have taken it personal.” He revealed preparedness to face persecution if Atiku wins the February 25, 2023 presidential poll even after going to court. “Whether Atiku Abubakar wins or not (of course, I know he is not going to win), I’m prepared to face persecution under his government. I am prepared to go to jail, I am prepared to be charged even if he wins the election,” he said. Keyamo said the country deserves to recover all funds allegedly diverted because they are public funds. “The Nigerian people deserve justice on this issue. Every single money that was paid into that Marine Float Account must be recovered from whoever is the person. Nigeria must recover its money. Money paid into that account was public funds,” he stated. Keyamo and the APC campaign council subsequently petitioned the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC), the Independent Corrupt Practices and other related Offences Commission (ICPC), and the Conduct of Conduct Bureau (CCB) and gave them 72 hours to arrest the former vice president over corruption allegations. 