The All Progressives Congress (APC) has said no amount of fake news can save the  governor of Oyo State, Seyi Makinde and the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) from defeat in the coming elections. Olawale Sadare, APC’s Publicity Secretary, in a statement on Tuesday in Ibadan, said PDP was behind the spread of fake news purportedly issued by Bashir Adeola, a chieftain of APC in the state. APC was however reacting to a news report which claimed that Adeola, spoke in condemnation of his party to favour PDP according to the News Agency of Nigeria Sadare dismissed the said news as fake, saying that the name, Bashir Adeola, does not exist. He maintained that the report was concocted by desperados in power who had been overwhelmed by the political fireworks of Oyo APC as demonstrated in the last few months. “We have painstakingly checked our party membership register and found no member by the name Bashiru Adeola. “We, then wonder where the PDP media got the ghost to speak with them as a chieftain of Oyo APC,” he said. The APC spokesperson said that some funny characters around the governor felt that “this was the best way to mitigate the effects of political affliction befalling their administration and party every day” and that the PDP thinks  it as an unhealthy development to keep losing members and supporters to the opposition. READ ALSO: Makinde Hasn’t Held Campaigns Because He Has Ulterior Motives – APC “A governor who neither does well with governance, nor runs an all-inclusive government cannot have the trust of serious politicians and voters. “They just package their usual lies and put fictitious names as the source whereas the so-called Bashir Adeola was without a known Ward, Local Government Area or traceable residence or office address. “They came up with the latest spurious story aimed at discrediting APC in an attempt to water down the adverse effect of Hon. Olusegun Olaleye’s defection to the APC,” he said. Sadare further said Olaleye had only retraced his step as he returned to the progressive fold few days after hundreds of PDP leaders and members left the party for APC in Oyo Federal Constituency. “For the avoidance of doubt, we do not have any member or chieftain who bears the name mentioned and it is safe to say that the story was sponsored by the PDP to mislead the public. “We are focussed on our electioneering campaigns as a serious political party whose candidates have all it takes to win the forthcoming elections in the state,” he said. Nontheless, he urged the electorate to disregard myriad of fake news being created to make soft landing for Makinde, who had already lost his re-election bid before the day of the poll.