President Muhammadu Buhari has received a letter from the parents of the remaining abducted Chibok school girls, asking him to keep his promise of bringing back their daughters before he leaves office in May 2023. Recall in April 2014, 276 female students aged from 16 to 18 were kidnapped by the Islamic terrorist group Boko Haram from the Government Girls Secondary School at the town of Chibok in Borno State, Nigeria. At least scores of the girls are still in captivity and have not been found eight years after. However, the parents in a letter written to the president and obtained by newsmen dated 30 December, 2022, lamented that many of the captured girls by Boko Haram have not still been released till now. The letter titled: “Bring back our daughters before you leave office,” signed by Yana Galang and Zanna Lawan on behalf of the parents of the abducted Chibok girls, urged Buhari to deliver on the promise he made in 2015 to rescue all the girls. As the parents wished the President a more fulfilling New Year, they prayed it marked redemption and hope Nigeria will be lifted out of its current challenges. READ ALSO: 98 Chibok Girls Still in Boko Haram’s Captivity – Military “Mr. President, we would like to remind you of the promises you made to us on the remaining rescue of our kidnapped daughters, as we acknowledge your efforts and express our sincere gratitude to your administration on your past effort. However, we request that you fulfill your promise and return our daughters back to us, even if this is going to be the last act of your presidency. “During your inaugural speech on May 29, 2015, you said and quote: “but we cannot claim to have defeated Boko Haram without rescuing the Chibok girls and all other innocent persons held hostage by insurgents, this government will do all it can to rescue them alive.” “Recalling your words on April 14th, 2019, 5 years after the abduction of our daughters, you further promised and we quote: “We will not rest until all the remaining girls are back and reunited with their families. I made this promise when I became president, and I will keep it.” “Mr. President, you reassured us that our daughters will be reunited with us. On April 14th, 2021, a statement titled “Chibok Girls Still on Our Minds” was released and you further reminded us of your promise and reassured us that all our girls will be rescued and reintegrated back into their communities.” The statement read in part. The parents lamented they were disheartened that eight years later and a few months before the end of his administration, 96 of them remained in Boko Haram captivity, subjected to unimaginable ordeal and abuse at the hands of their captors. “Mr. President, you promised to be the light that would illuminate our darkness, end our writhing pains, dry our tears, and free us from the shackles of sadness, sorrow, and anguish this trajectory has brought into our existence. When we marked the eighth year’s remembrance of the abduction this year, we didn’t think we would hold any more commemoration, and the truth is that we don’t want to. “Collectively, we say eight years is too long for a child to be denied the love and care of her family. We, therefore, demand that you make true your promise and bring joy back to our lives, as you hand over to another President to head back to Daura for a deserving rest. We wait patiently for this succour,” they said.