Atiku Abubakar, the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, has expressed concern over the recent attack on a train station in Igueben Local Government Area of Edo State, where armed men kidnapped paesengers. The former vice president of Nigeria, via hia media adviser, Paul Ibe, on Sunday, in a press release noted that the unfortunate incident “is the latest in a long condemnable line of security breaches previously unseen in our national history.” Commiserating with victims of the attack and their families, the presidential contestant said, “the thoughts of my family and I are with the abducted and their families as we pray for their safe return.” He furthered that, “while we pray, it is important to also point out that this serves as the latest reminder of the urgent need to reform our security architecture to better safeguard the lives and properties of the Nigerian citizens.” Atiku, however mentioned means through which national security could be enhanced to include, amending th constitution to allow for state and community policing as a first line of security. Next he noted was that Nigeria’s security apparatus must pay a greater premium to intelligence gathering and crime prevention than our current reactive approach. READ ALSO: Edo Train Station Attack: Over 30 Abducted, Two Kids Released, Woman Escapes “It is unacceptable for terrorists to plan attacks of this nature, mobilize arms and ammunition, secure funding and move large numbers of people across large spaces without detection by the security agencies,” he said. He hinted the use of technology towards tracking the terrorists and degrading their existing capacity to attack people across the country. The PDP presidential candidate advocated “applying diplomatic pressures needed to stem the free flow of light arms and assault weapons across the West African sub-region and through our borders. “By doing this we will severely restrict the capacity for terrorists to re-arm themselves to execute attacks.” Atiku said these policy proposals should be followed by “greatly reducing the numbers of out-of-school children on our streets and improving the economy to create jobs for vast numbers of unemployed Nigerians, thereby reducing the pool from which these terrorists recruit people for their nefarious activities.” According to him, “I believe these actions will go a long way towards reducing incidents of insecurity and providing the secure environment needed for economic growth.” He vowed commitment to implement the initiatives if Nigerians trust and elect him as president at the elections next month.