The All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential campaign council has asked law enforcement agencies to arrest and prosecute Atiku Abubakar, presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), for alleged corruption. The campaign council premised its request on an audio recording released by Michael Achimugu, a former aide to Abubakar, last week. Recall that Information Nigeria had reported that, Michael Achimugu, who claimed to be a former aide to Atiku, shared a video, alleging that the former vice-president admitted to have collected N100 million bribe from Joshua Dariye, a former Plateau State governor, which was paid directly to Marine Float, one of the three firms he registered. In the audio recording which Achimugu claimed was with Atiku, the former Vice President was heard explaining how he set up an ‘SPV -Special Purpose Vehicle’ to receive monies from corruption-related dealings. Addressing a press conference in Abuja on Monday, Festus Keyamo, spokesperson of the campaign council, said Abubakar has a case to answer. “Atiku does not enjoy immunity because he is a presidential candidate. We are saying this because they may be reluctant to act on the perception of the persecution of a presidential candidate it may invoke. However, facts are sacred,” Keyamo said. READ ALSO: Leaked Audio Reveals Atiku Allegedly Admitted Collecting Bribe From Dariye During Tenure As Vice-President “In other serious clime where situations like this arose, the law enforcement agencies acted decisively. You may recall in 2016, in the middle of campaigns for the exalted office of president in the US, the case of the private email of Hilary Clinton was referred to the justice department for likely prosecution a few weeks to actual voting, though she was actually cleared. “That is what we want the authorities to do in the case of Alhaji Atiku Abubakar. He has to be arrested, invited. He is not God. He does not enjoy immunity because he is a candidate. “All monies should be recovered from the marine float account. In the voice note, Alhaji Atiku Abubakar can be heard boasting that the issue of that account was thoroughly investigated by the EFCC, yet he was smart enough to escape.” According to Keyamo, when Abubakar had a disagreement with former President Olusegun Obasanjo while they were in office, PDP asked the former vice-president to return N500 million that he allegedly took from the account. “We also call for the protection of the whistleblower. When President Muhammadu Buhari came to office, one significant policy he adopted was that of whistleblowing,” he said. “You are all aware that the policy has recorded tremendous success with the recovery of millions of dollars from hidden sources. “No harm must befall him or members of his family.”