Shamsudden Danbazau, a member of the House of Representatives, says he was afraid of going to mosque because of bombs before the administration of the All Progressives Congress (APC) took over. Danbazau who stated this while fielding questions from the National Assembly correspondents on Thursday, in Abuja, insisted that the APC has done well and should be given another chance. He opined that the no other candidate stands a chance against the flag bearer of the APC, Bola Ahmed Tinubu because he has all it takes to turn the country around. “Tinubu has the experience to take the country out of the current doldrum. He is the man that has the experience to take care of all these issues affecting Nigerians; he will put the country together and douse tension,” he said. According to him, recent developments and significant contributions to the progress of the country by the ruling party indicates Tinubu has already won the election. “Tinubu is a successful Chief Executive Officer, he has not failed in any of his endeavours, by voting for him we are hiring him and by February, we will all vote for him and he will win the election,” he boasted. READ ALSO: 2023: Electing Tinubu ‘ll Guarantee Education, Security, Economy – Buhari On security challenges facing the country, Danbazau, maintained Nigeria had made progress, adding that the deployment of drones has made the security situation improve significantly. He noted that in the past, he was afraid of going into the mosque because of bomb attacks but there has being significant change after Buhari came into power. “We need to have more geo special mapping of the country, where we can send drones to attack terrorists in every corner of the country. “From 2014 to 2018 I refused to go for Friday prayers for fear of bomb attacks. I had to remain in the house or pray in the barracks, but since 2016, I have been attending congregational prayers in public places. “I was at the Banex Plaza, Abuja, when a bomb went off just before the coming of the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari in 2014; now we don’t have such incidents. “The security challenge has been addressed and you can see what the president is doing by investing in heavily, acquiring drones, doing researches and sending our military officers to other countries to learn about tackling security challenges,” he said.