 Popular Nollywood actress, Mercy Johnson has clarified the misinterpretation regarding the state of her health. It was recently reported that Mercy Johnson opened up during one of the editions of her TV Show, Mercy’s Menu with Joke Silva that she had a cancer health scare and as a result, she was placed on life medication. However, according to the actress, the short clip from the TV show that made rounds on the internet made her fans misinterpret her health condition as she has been receiving calls and messages regarding her condition. READ ALSO: Mercy Johnson-Okojie Opens Up On Her Cancer Scare, Life-Long Medication Taking to her Instagram page, the mother of four addressed the issue. She noted in the video of her public service announcement that people misinterpreted her condition and urged them to watch the full clip from the programme episode she talked about her health in order to understand her point. She said: “Hi guys! ok so first of all I must thank you so much for all of you who have been calling and sending messages and prayers, thank you, I do appreciate it so much but I DO NOT HAVE CANCER! “I noticed that a clip from my TV show, Mercy’s Menu has been flying around and I think it was cut. They cut the clip. I said I had a cancer scare means that I have this sweeping on my neck (shows her neck), You can see the line there and my doctor felt it was something serious. I had problems with my thyroid, I am perfectly okay. “Thank you so much for all of your calls and your messages, all these phones have been buzzing like crazy, I am perfectly fine and I DO NOT HAVE CANCER. I’M PERFECTLY OKAY. So thank you so much for checking up on me, thank you for all the messages. Go back and watch the clip, it was completely misunderstood, I’m fine! “I do not have cancer in Jesus name! Thank you guys, bye! Captioning her post, She wrote: “So a little PSA! I’m okay guys. Thanks for all the calls and DMs I don’t take your love for granted!”. Watch video below:   A post shared by Mercy Johnson Okojie (@mercyjohnsonokojie) 