Southampton manager Nathan Jones recorded the biggest win of his short reign as they reached the EFL Cup semi-finals with a richly deserved win over favourites Manchester City. Jones has struggled for approval from Saints fans since his arrival from Luton Town but his rating surely soared with the manner in which the Premier League strugglers maintained their good cup form. Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola rested key players such as Erling Haaland and Kevin de Bruyne with this weekend’s derby with Manchester United at Old Trafford in mind, but nothing must detract from a vibrant Southampton display. The game was settled in the first half by Sekou Mara’s crisp finish after 23 minutes and a superb second from Moussa Djenepo five minutes later when he caught City keeper Stefan Ortega badly out of position off his line with a lofted long-range finish. READ MORE: EPL: Erling Haaland Makes Record As Manchester City Beat Leeds Utd. Guardiola threw on De Bruyne and Haaland after the break but it was to no avail as Southampton defended their lead with fierce determination to reach the last four, where they will face Newcastle. Manchester City arrived on the rain-lashed south coast as hot favourites to progress to the EFL Cup last four against struggling Saints but the tables were turned as the lacklustre Premier League champions got what their mediocre performance deserved. Guardiola may have made changes but the starting line-up still included experience in the shape of Kyle Walker, Aymeric Laporte, Jack Grealish, Ilkay Gundogan, Joao Cancelo, Phil Foden and World Cup winner Julian Alvarez. It had enough quality to perform better than this and it was a particularly bad night for deputy keeper Ortega and Kalvin Phillips, given his first start but so poor and off the pace that it was no surprise when he was substituted. He has, in his defence, been desperately short of first-team action but did nothing here to suggest he will be forcing his way through Guardiola’s embarrassment of midfield riches any time soon.