The family of the detained Leader of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), Mazi Nnamdi Kanu, has told the public to disregard rumours claiming the leader has been poisoned, adding that details about the situation will known on Monday. A voice note making the rounds on social media had claimed that Kanu was poisoned in detention, urging ‘Biafrans’ to go on protest. However, a younger brother to the IPOB leader, Prince Emmanuel, in reaction to the voice note, told Vanguard that he met with Kanu last Thursday at the Abuja headquarters of the Department of State Services (DSS) where he is currently detained and there was no indication that he had suffered from such an ordeal. According to Emmanuel, the activist did not inform him that he was poisoned when they met last Thursday but promised that he would find out more about the situation when they meet on Monday, January 30. He further wondered how the story of the alleged poisoning began and cautioned the public against fake news. READ ALSO: For Peaceful Elections, Allow Kanu Address South-East – Ohanaeze Emmanuel subsequently warned  Kanu’s supporters against taking matters into their hands but to remain calm as he hoped to see and hear from his brother again on Monday. Meanwhile, Kanu’s brother had posted on his Facebook page the outcome of Thursday’s meeting with him. The post read: ” I Met with Mazi Nnamdi Kanu in the company of Evangelist, and Barr Nnaemeka Ejiofor, at Department of State Services, Abuja. “As always, we focused more on victories recorded and the way forward. He maintained that this struggle for liberation remains a collective fight and thanked those who have not betrayed the struggle. “He said Nigeria has continuously flouted the orders of her own court and such will never be tolerated in IPOB. Those who attack this noble structure were not there when it was built and can never be brought down “This movement is divine. To me, IPOB is a huge achievement for our people and for men and women of good conscience . We have come that humanity may be set free.” 