Bola Ahmed Tinubu, the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC) told the mammoth crowd that received him in Kano to reject the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and its flagbearer Atiku Abubakar. Tinubu, who spoke at a North-West campaign rally in Kano on Wednesday said the PDP makes fake promises having failed for 16 years. He also expressed optimism in winning next month’s presidential polls adding that he was in Kano to dance in appreciation of the reception he got. “I have come to Kano, all I want to do is dance. I will give you peace and harmony and will serve Nigeria. Nagode sosai” he stated. Tinubu said: “We can make Nigeria better, safer, and more prosperous. “We can educate our youth, feed our people and put an end to fear. We can do these things. We can move you forward. “But the others cannot. They want to hold you back so that only they can move forward. READ ALSO: Insinuations About My Health Are Lies, Rubbish – Tinubu “They offer nothing but fake promises and easy answers that hold no water. “All they can show you is how to hate your fellow Nigerian and reject your neighbour. “But they cannot show you how to protect our society, feed our people, provide jobs and care for those in true need of help. “Let me say this clearly and plainly. This campaign is about our collective march to a better Nigeria. Do we march forward? Or do we lose sight of the road? “We must march forward. But we cannot forget how they frittered away our commonwealth. “For 16 years they toyed with our lives and the future of this country. “They spent $16 billion on electricity, but they procured darkness instead. “They didn’t remember the pipelines and processing facilities to give us electricity. READ ALSO:Tinubu Responds To Reports Of Meeting PDP G5 Governors “They shared the electricity generation money among themselves and their cronies. “Neither he nor his party can keep their promise. Tell me how will they keep their promise to the nation. “No wonder, their party is in tatters! Governor Wike was right when he talked about a lack of integrity, saying ‘look at the man and his history.’ “Their contribution to institutional-building is to create an electoral commission to rig elections, not to conduct transparent polls, and to establish EFCC to witch-hunt political opponents, not to fight corruption. “PDP and its candidate do not have your interests at heart. They do not mean well for you; they do not mean well for the country. “They mouthed Green Revolution, but their regime only worked to increase the food importation bill for 16 years. “What they understand is a ‘consumption economy’ not a ‘production-based economy’.” READ ALSO:Tinubu Returns To Nigeria From The Lesser Hajj In Saudi Arabia In furtherance, the presidential hopeful listed some of President Buhari’s achievements in eight years and promised to do much more and build on them Meanwhile Kano state governor, Abdullahi Ganduje, earlier in his address, renamed the presidential candidate giving him a Hausa name Ashiru Bala Ahmad Tanimu in place of Asiwauju Bola Ahmed Tinubu adding that he is at home. Ganduje referred to the mammoth crowd as the “Arafat of politics in Kano” while describing the state as the largest democracy in Nigeria. He also explained that the people of Kano have accepted Tinubu because of his credentials, capacity and credibility adding that he is tested and trusted while he served as the governor of Lagos state. Abubakar Bagudu, the Leader of the Progressive Governors Forum, dismissed allegations that there are APC governors negotiating with the opposition. He clarified that all the governors in the party are supporting Tinubu. “The claims by some people that some APC governors are negotiating with the opposition are false. All our governors are in support of Tinubu’s candidacy” he stated. Highlight of the event was the presentation of the APC flag by the National Chairman of the party, Abdullahi Adamu to the Kano gubernatorial candidate, Nasiru Gawuna. 