Crystal Palace’s Michael Olise scored a stunning last-minute free-kick to deny Manchester United a victory that would have taken them second in the Premier League. United were on course for their 10th successive victory after Bruno Fernandes scored just before half-time when he finished well following Christian Eriksen’s pull-back. But Olise struck in dramatic style with a brilliant curling free-kick to ensure a point apiece. The 1-1 draw does take United above Newcastle into third but keeps them behind rivals Manchester City, who play at home to Tottenham on Thursday. For Palace it ends a run of three successive defeats in all competitions and Patrick Vieira’s side will feel they got a deserved point. READ MORE: Resilient Comeback Helps Manchester United Win Vital Derby United goalkeeper David de Gea had produced a wonderful save to tip Odsonne Edouard’s powerful strike on to the crossbar when it was goalless, two minutes before Fernandes struck. De Gea also made another fine stop in the 75th minute, punching away Marc Guehi’s header. But the Spaniard was finally beaten in injury time with Olise’s brilliant 25-yard free-kick going in off the underside of the crossbar as Palace again showed their fighting spirit. The Eagles have now secured 13 points from losing positions in the Premier League this season, only Tottenham Hotspur with 14 have recovered more. Erik ten Hag handed a Manchester United debut to Dutch striker Wout Weghorst following his loan move from Burnley earlier this month, but the closest he came to scoring was when he looped a header on to the roof of the net. United, who have not won the Premier League since 2012-13, are now eight points behind leaders Arsenal, with the Gunners having a game in hand, and the two teams meet at Emirates Stadium on Sunday. However, United will be without key defensive midfielder Casemiro as he will be serving a one-game suspension after picking up his fifth booking of the league season following a late challenge on Wilfried Zaha in the 80th minute. 