 The Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and All Progressives Congress (APC) in Lagos have disagreed over the alleged attacks on the campaign train of the PDP governorship candidate, Abdul-Azeez Adediran (Jandor), in the Surulere Local Government Area of the state. Suspected hoodlums were said to have fired guns and destroyed some campaign vehicles in Mr Adediran’s convoy on Friday. Subsequently, the Lagos State PDP spokesperson, Hakeem Amode, in a statement on Saturday, described the Surulere attack on Mr Adediran’s team as “repugnant to the deepening of democracy in Lagos”. Mr Amode said the attacks were “clear evidence of APC high-handedness and imperialism rule”. “The hoodlums went to the Baale of Ojuoluwa in the Empire area of the LGA to threaten him not to receive the entourage who was billed to pay him a courtesy visit. “The gates leading to the entire Empire area were locked, and vehicular movement around the area was disrupted.” READ ALSO: Nasarawa PDP Accuses APC Of Burning Supporters’ PVCs Mr Amode claimed the thugs, armed with dangerous weapons, including guns, violently destroyed canopies and chairs arranged for the campaign at Iponri Housing Estate. “The same set of the APC-sponsored thugs mobilised themselves to Soloki Street, Aguda, where Dr. Abdul-Azeez Olajide Adediran went to observe Jumat prayers, wielding dangerous weapons, destroying vehicles in the entourage and violently smashing one of the campaign vehicles. “They also vandalised the campaign vehicles of our House of Representatives candidate, Hon. Soyinka, who is a sitting member of the House of Representatives.” The PDP spokesman added that the political thugs also vandalised the PDP secretariat at No. 2 Shittu Street, Aguda, during which several members of our party sustained various degrees of injury He said a similar incident also occurred on Teniola Street where members of the community, who were waiting to receive Mr Adediran’s entourage, were dispersed and many were also wounded during the attack. Mr Amode appealed to President Muhammadu Buhari and the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC) to ensure no intimidation and harassment undermined efforts towards organising credible elections, especially in Lagos State. In a swift reaction, Seye Oladejo, the Lagos APC spokesperson, said that Mr Adediran unleashed terror on innocent residents, and three people were reportedly killed during his campaign in Surulere. “The incident left in its wake several injured victims, and three people reportedly died. “In broad daylight, Jandor’s thugs fired guns at their hapless victims who ran for dear lives,” he said. Mr Oladejo said APC viewed the attack as a ploy to instil fear in the hearts of would-be voters as we count down to the elections. “It’s pathetic to note that a candidate seeking to govern the state could be seen actively promoting violence to disrupt the peace of the citizens. “The PDP and its candidate have been busy in the past few days and have been crying in the media that their posters were being torn. Unknown to the public, he (Adediran) perfected his evil plans, which manifested at his rally,” he said. The APC spokesman called on the law enforcement agencies to thoroughly investigate the incident, bring the culprits to book and beef up security across the state to forestall a re-occurrence. Watch video below: