Yusuf Datti Baba-Ahmed, vice presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP) broke into tears on Sunday evening as he spoke on the insults and abusive remarks directed at his family by political opponents. Baba-Ahmed went emotional during ‘The People’s Townhall’ live programme organized by Channels Television where he and Peter Obi, the presidential candidate of the LP spoke to Nigerians about their agenda and manifesto. According to him, the opposition started tackling him after he took on those who spread misconceptions and falsehoods about his principal, Peter Obi. He said, “When I joined the ticket, I impeached certain lies against him and I saw they were heading towards that. Particularly my good friend on the APC side, on the same level. “When people think they have money, they have power, and the sitting authority is theirs, there’s no limit. Someone has to tap them on the shoulder. I did it and I pointed a finger. You do it again – do one, I’ll do three. You know I’m capable of doing it. READ ALSO: “Atiku Is Dangerously Ill, Ran Abroad For Treatment” – Fani-Kayode “They’ve stopped. However, me and my family have been paying a huge price for my attempts to rescue Nigeria. They sent all sorts of people after me.” He added that the situation would have been better if his critics only targeted him and did not extend their remarks to his father and heritage. He continued: “But the thing that I was able to sort [out] with the [opposing] presidential and vice-presidential candidate, I ended up suffering on a much lesser level. “Thirty-five years ago, at least, our dad of blessed memory passed away. No one ever insulted him until I joined elections for presidency. This is not fair. It doesn’t happen anywhere in the world. “You don’t insult people’s parents or their families. It’s a huge price for anyone to pay,” Baba-Ahmed said, evidently fighting back tears before momentarily excusing himself to step out of the hall, presumably to regain his composure. In December 2022, the Director of New Media, All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign Council, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode wrote an article titled, ‘A love letter to Datti Ahmed.’ In the article, Fani-Kayode lambasted Baba-Ahmed for allegedly accusing him of “sleeping with women” while he was “building” his university and while Peter Obi was “building his business”. The Presidential Townhall series which was in partnership with Nigeria Civil Society Situation Room and its partners, was aimed at helping Nigerians get a sense of which leader they want to vote for when the polls get underway in February 2023. READ ALSO: #EndSARS: There Were Abuses Of Procedure, Civil Rights Violations But Use Of ‘Massacre’ Highly Debatable – Datti Ahmed This engagement was anchored on how to sustain Nigeria’s democracy, give Nigerians a golden opportunity to ask important questions and get specific solutions to the many challenges confronting the nation. Presidential candidates who have previously graced the townhall platform include Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party and his running mate governor Ifeanyi Okowa, as well as Rabiu Kwankwaso of the New Nigeria Peoples Party and his compatriot, Isaac Idahosa. Some other candidates of various parties are also expected in the weeks before the election proper. 