 The Federal Polytechnic Nekede in Imo State has said that the student who credited her graduation to God and her private part will be investigated. Recall that a recent graduate released a video on TikTok after her project defence to celebrate her graduation. “It can only be God and my p**sy ooo,” she said in the video which quickly went viral and sparked mixed reactions. The University of Nekede has now released a statement addressing the video. The statement, signed by the Registrar Mrs. E. C. Anuna, is titled, “Management investigating student involved in a show of shame on social media.” READ ALSO: Two Siblings Banished From Imo Community For Allegedly Committing Incest It reads: “This is to inform the general public that the Management of Federal Polytechnic Nekede has begun full investigations into the identity of the student who gloated on Tiktok about how she graduated with the help of God and her private organ. It is even most blasphemous and antithetical that the said student peddled the name of the Almighty in her deleterious act. “Management considers the action of the student most unacceptable and preposterous. The Federal Polytechnic Nekede prides itself as an institution with high academic and moral standards. Both staff and students are quite aware of the consequences of any misconduct. In an unprecedented move, Management through the various disciplinary committees had released hot lines through which students can report any act of exploitation or corruption. These committees are diligent in ensuring that any staff or student found culpable is meted with appropriate punishment. “The despicable post of this supposed student does not therefore represent the standard of our institution. The Rector of the institution, being a clergyman, has been very committed and consistent in instilling discipline in our students through seminars, Solemn Assemblies, sensitization outreaches and publications. “When our investigations are over, we shall make our findings and pronouncements public. It is in our purview to ensure that only students found worthy in learning and character are certified. This is a commitment to which we shall remain consistently resolute.”