Governor Bala Mohammed of Bauchi State has invited the G5 governors to flag off his campaign for a second term, following his running battle with the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar. The G5 governors are Nyesom Wike of Rivers, Seyi Makinde of Oyo, Okezie Ikpeazu of Abia, Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu and Samuel Ortom of Benue. Although Bala Mohammed, who is yet to openly declare his membership of the G5 governors, accused Atiku and his loyalists of working to frustrate his re-election. Mohammed in a letter to the National chairman of the PDP, Iyorchia Ayu, accused Atiku of threatening to “punish” him for contesting against him during the party’s presidential primary in May. He stated that, “I may withdraw from the PCC and feel free to create new measures and strategies that would guarantee the election and re-election of all PDP candidates in Bauchi and myself” if the issues were not resolved. The failure to resolve the lingering crisis, would cause many to believe Mohammed has now turned to the G-5 governors for support in his re-election bid. However, the five aggrieved governors would fly to Bauchi to flag-off Bala’s campaign billed for Wednesday according to a Daily Trust source. READ ALSO: Atiku Sidelining Me, Threatened Me For Contesting Against Him At PDP Primary – Bauchi Governor “As I speak with you, the G-5 governors are ready to attend Bala Mohammed’s campaign flag-off in Bauchi. All arrangements have been concluded, and I can confirm that to you. Except any new development comes up which I do not envisage, the governors will be in Bauchi.” The source said. The source, who is a member of the PDP Integrity Group, stated that the governors would move from Bauchi to Ibadan, the Oyo State capital, to also attend the campaign of one of their members, governor Seyi Makinde, billed for Thursday, January 5. The chief press secretary to the Oyo State governor, Taiwo Adisa, when contacted said: “Yes, I can confirm to you that all is set for the flag-off of his excellency’s campaign on Thursday.” Meanwhile, the Bauchi State chapter of the PDP has denied knowledge of the G5 governors attending Bala Mohammed’s campaign flag-off. Yayanu Zainabari, the state publicity secretary of the party, who is also the spokesman of the campaign committee, said, “I cannot give you any assurance about their coming because I don’t have any information of whether they are coming or not.”