A middle-aged man, Fadayomi Kehinde, aka Ejiogbe, has slumped and died after allegedly being involved in a sex romp with a female friend at a hotel in Ikere-Ekiti, headquarters of Ikere local government area of Ekiti. According to Nigerian Tribune, the deceased said to be a popular herbalist in the community, died on Monday in the hotel room where he had visited with his female partner. The late herbalist reportedly lodged at a hotel with a woman said to be the wife of a shepherd of a white garment church in the same town on Monday, January 2, 2023. Immediately after the two allegedly had sexual relations, the herbalist was said to have slumped and lost consciousness, prompting the lady to call for help from the hotel room. It was gathered that hotel staff and some associates of the herbalist rushed him to a hospital where he was confirmed dead. READ ALSO: Police Inspector Dies In Ibadan Hotel During Marathon Sex With ‘Secret Lover’ Associates of the late native doctor were alleged to have attributed his death to “magun”, a local charm placed on married women by their husbands to harm lovers who sleep with them. The aggrieved supporters of the late herbalist were said to have stormed the church where the husband of the lady is the shepherd and vandalized properties it in anger. The married woman has reportedly been arrested and is being held in protective custody to facilitate investigation and to also protect her from the angry youths. The remains of the deceased have been deposited in the morgue of the Ekiti State Specialist Hospital in Ikere. Social media users are already mourning the herbalist, who was quite popular on Facebook. Ekiti Police PRO, DSP Sunday Abutu, confirmed the incident to LindaIkejisBlog. He said the police received a report from hotel staff and they attended the scene where the body of the deceased was taken to the hospital and confirmed dead. He, however, stated that he cannot confirm if the deceased was a herbalist. The Police PRO added that the woman involved has been invited for questioning.