Rotimi Akeredolu, the governor of Ondo State, ha said the Labour leaders in the state advised him to delay the December salaries of workers so they can meet the new year financial obligations. Akeredolu also stated that his administration delivered on its promise not to owe workers’ salaries in the state by paying when due adding that they had received their salaries up till November 2022 The governor said this at the annual prayer meeting with the State’s public servants on Tuesday, held at the Governor’s office, in Akure. He assured that their December salary will be paid soon while promising that the one month remaining from the inherited seven months’ salary arrears would also be paid before the end of his tenure. While speaking to the workers, the governor said, “As you are aware, you received three alerts in December. We paid October and November 2022. You also received a leave bonus. We would have paid December but the labour leaders advised that we delay it till January to allow you meet financial obligations. students will resume soon. We will pay school fees. “Also, we inherited seven months salary arrears, we paid six months. Before I leave the office, I will pay the remaining one.” READ ALSO: New Year: Akeredolu Frees 7 Inmates, Reduces Sentence Of 11 Others Speaking on the forthcoming elections, Akeredolu admonished them to play according to the rules while exercising their rights at the poll and not to be partisan. “Let me reiterate for the umpteenth time that public servants are not expected to be involved in partisan politics. Absolute loyalty and commitment should be the watchword of the service. “Again, political discourse should be civil with decorum and in statutory manner. You will note that our administration has insulated the bureaucracy from partisan politics,” he urged. The Head of Service, Kayode Ogundele, earlier in his welcome address, disclosed that 8,415 public servants across the state were promoted with financial benefits in 2022 and thanked the governor for his continued support in all areas pertaining to issues affecting public servants in the state. Ogundele stated, “Thanks to Arakunrin’s ( Akeredolu’s) commitment to workers’ welfare in ensuring the payment of all outstanding salaries. The present administration, in a bid to reduce the shortfall in the workforce, has continued to recruit fresh hands in the critical areas of need. “For instance, 52 temporary staff of the Ondo State Emergency Medical Services Agency were recently given permanent appointments. Moreover, Ondo State workers and retirees have had a new lease of life under this administration.”