The governorship candidate of Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) in Lagos, Abdul-Azeez Adediran popularly known as Jandor has alleged that his deputy, Funke Akindele was chased out of Ketu fruit market while one of his supporters was also stabbed on Tuesday. According to News Agency of Nigeria, Akindele left the campaign after she was chased by hoodlums in the market while Adediran’s campaign train moved round some streets in the council. However, Jandor, while speaking in a meeting with council of Chief Imam at the Ketu Central Mosque in Kosofe Local Government Area (LGA) decried the incessant attacks on his campaign train by political thugs. He confirmed that his campaign train had come under attack in the council by hoodlums in which one member of his security team was stabbed. According to him, similar situations happened repeatedly in various LGAs since he kicked off his tour to 245 wards on Oct. 19, 2022. Adediran who maintained some of his followers including journalists were also wounded, stated that the development would not dissuade him from rescuing the state from the ruling APC. He furthered that the chasing out of his running mate from of Kosofe Fruit market was not healthy for democracy in the country but stressed that he would not going to be deterred. READ ALSO:   LASPOTECH Property Was Converted To TVC – Lagos Guber. Candidate, Jandor Alleges According to him, the desire to free the state from bondage, rescue it by allowing the wealth in the state work for all rather than few necessitated his coming into the race. Commending the league of Imams for their courage to agree to honour his call for an interactive session with them, Adediran said some turned such an overture down out of fear of the ruling party. The candidate, who sought partnership from the Islamic clerics, urged them to offer prayers to God for him. “What is happening we do not want it again. It is not good for democracy, but despite the attacks we are moving and still motivated to rescue our people. “I know it is only God that can give and take, if God gives you no one can take,” he said. Responding, leader of the league, Imam Ismaheel Kajola, said that it was imperative as religious leaders to give audience and prayers for all candidates who come to seek their blessings. 