Marcus Rashford’s sensational scoring streak continued at the City Ground as Manchester United closed in on an EFL Cup final appearance at Wembley next month with a 0-3 victory over Nottingham Forest. Rashford’s brilliant solo effort gave United the advantage six minutes into the first leg of the semi-final. Wout Weghorst added a second just before the break with his first goal for the club and Bruno Fernandes wrapped up the scoring a minute from time to provide Erik ten Hag’s men with a healthy advantage for the return at Old Trafford in seven days’ time as United look to end a trophy drought stretching back to 2017. Rashford’s goal took his tally to 10 in as many games since he returned from the World Cup, underlining his status as one of England’s form players at present. It was his fifth goal in this competition alone, putting him at the head of the leading scorer’s list. Weghorst has every reason to be pleased with himself too as he reacted quickest after Wayne Hennessey had saved Antony’s low shot and turned home the rebound, while substitutes Facundo Pellistri and Anthony Elanga were both involved as Fernandes drove a low shot past Wayne Hennessey. READ MORE: FA Cup: Rashford Shines Again As Manchester United Beat Everton Ten Hag punching the air in celebration underlined the significance of that third goal. Steve Cooper’s hosts were adventurous in their approach but they would appear to have little chance of emulating Brian Clough’s side by reaching the final, which Forest have not done since 1992. Little wonder ‘Giggs’ was trending on social media immediately after Rashford’s opener. There was certainly something familiar about the way Rashford collected Casemiro’s pass inside his own half, then ran at the Forest defence from his left-wing station. Rashford opted not to take his shirt off and twirl it above his head in celebration as Ryan Giggs famously did after his 1999 FA Cup semi-final replay winner against Arsenal at Villa Park, but it was still a fabulous effort.