The 2022 FIFA world cup, which took place in Qatar, significantly impacted Africans.Teams like Ghana, Morocco, Senegal, Tunisia, Cameroon, and others made a big impression on the grand tournament. Fans even took advantage of the list of available betting offers in Nigeria to bet on their favourite African teams and players. The Morocco team was able to reach the semi-finals, which came to an end finishing the tournament in fourth place. These became the pride of Africans, who now believe the higher stages of the world cup are achievable. With their great ability in the tournament, a number of them were able to lead their teams to success, making them the most valued players in Africa. Let’s take a look at the most valued African players after the world cup. Yassine Bounou is among the most valued African players after the 2022 World Cup. Bounou has been the mainstay of the Moroccan national team for a long time, and his performances for the Atlas Lions have been outstanding. His excellent form will maintain, and he is widely regarded as one of the best  African goalkeepers in world football today. He has made numerous essential saves in big games for his country in the 2022 World Cup in Qatar. With his talent and experience, there is no doubt that Bounou will be a crucial player for Morocco and is more likely to win in the coming world cup tournaments. Kalidou Koulibaly is among the most valued African players after the 2022 World Cup. He has been a prominent figure in the Senegal national team since he made his debut in 2011, and his impressive performances have earned him the respect of his peers and fans alike. Koulibaly is a strong defender and a powerful header of the ball. He played a significant role in the Senegal squad at the 2022 World Cup in Qatar by showing his experience and ability for the top clubs in the world. He showed his talent on the big stage and demonstrated why he is one of the most valued players in Africa. Mohammed Kudus is a 22-year-old Ghanaian professional footballer who currently plays as an attacking midfielder for AFC Ajax. He is among the most valued African players after the 2022 world cup. Kudus’ performances have earned him comparisons to some of the best African players. His sublime passing ability greatly impacted his team and Africa for the 2022 world cup. He was able to assist, give shots and get goals for the Ghanaian team in the grand tournament. He will remain one of his generation’s best-valued football players after the 2022 world cup. Vincent Aboubakar is a Cameroonian professional footballer who plays for the Saudi professional league club. He is among the most valued African players after the 2022 world cup. His explosive power, technique, and determination make him an attractive prospect in the grand tournament. His unique blend of skill, power, and speed was invaluable to any team playing with Cameroonians in the 2022 world. Due to his stellar performance in Qatar, he became one of the most valued players in Africa after the 2022 world cup. Achraf Hakimi is a Moroccan professional footballer who plays for Ligue 1 club Paris saint- Germain and the Morocco national team. He is among the most valued African players after the 2022 world cup. He mainly plays as a right-back. With his speed runs and goal-scoring ability, he raised his country and Africa in the grand tournament. Hakimi is one of the most sought-after African players after the 2022 world cup. After the 2022 world cup, we see specific teams working their legs hard to win. With their great players on the team, they made Africans proud. Like the Moroccan team, you see players like Bounou and Hakimi who assisted on their team and got to the semi-finals. Their remarkable ability and experience with the grand tournament made them the most valued African players after the 2022 world cup.