Workers of the Nigerian Aviation Handling Company Plc (NAHCO), have called off the industrial strike they embarked upon in the early hours of Monday. The industrial action caused chaos at the Murtala Muhammed International Airport, Lagos from 4am on Monday, leaving passengers, thousands of travelers stranded. It was declared at the instance of the National Union of Air Transport Employees (NUATE) and the Air Transport Services Senior Staff Association (ATSSSAN) which said its members have been in negotiations with the management of NAHCO for a review of current salaries since June, 2022 without any headway. A memo issued by the unions read: “As the ultimatum issued by our unions has gone unheeded and the management continues to play on our intelligence through scheduling of purposeless meetings, we have come to the conclusion that the management is clearly decided against hearkening to our cried for fairness and equity, despite overwhelming evidence in support of our demand. “In view of the above, NUATE and ATSSSAN have no choice than to take definite steps to press home our demands. In the above regard, all staff of NAHCO are hereby directed to withdraw all services with effect from Monday, January 23. This action shall be indefinite until otherwise directed by the secretariats of the unions.” Following the directive given by the aviation unions, NAHCO staff who handle check-ins, boarding and ramp services for several international and local airlines including Air France/KLM, Qatar, Ethiopian Airlines, Delta Airlines, Virgin Atlantic, Turkish Air and Air Peace, among others, downed their tools on Monday morning READ ALSO: Passengers Stranded As Aviation Handling Company Embarks On Strike In Lagos However the issue was resolved 14 hours later, where they agreed to withdraw the suit it filed against the unions at the National Industrial Court in a meeting held at NAHCO Aviance House, Ikeja. Also, a communique signed by management of the Company, unions’ representatives and regulatory agencies, resolved that the unions call off the strike and all staff resume work immediately. The parties further agreed that negotiations on staff welfare would resume on Jan. 25 and be concluded within the week. It was also agreed that no member of staff would be victimised for participating in the strike action. Sola Obabori, Executive Director, NAHCO, apologised to passengers and clients who were affected by the strike action and expressed appreciation for the understanding they showed. He reiterated the company’s commitment in providing excellent customer experience to its clients and the large community of airline passengers who are dependent on its services. 