Obunike Ohaegbu, a legal practitioner, has called on the Economic Financial Crime Commission (EFCC), Independent Corrupt Practices Commission (ICPC), Code of Conduct Bureau (CCB), National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies (NDLEA) and the Inspector General of Police (IGP), to investigate the presidential candidates of the All Progressives Congress (APC) and the Labour Party (LP), Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu and Peter Obi respectively, over alleged corruption. Ohaegbu, based his petition on Michael Achimugu’s leaked audio, who alleged that the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar embezzled public funds through Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs). Following the allegations, a spokesman of the APC Presidential Campaign Council (APC PCC), Festus Keyamo, called for the arrest and prosecution of Atiku, vowing to take him to court. However, Ohaegbu, in the petition submitted to the various agencies on Thursday, said apart from Atiku, Tinubu and Obi should also be arrested and prosecuted for their alleged involvement in corrupt practices. In the petition dated 19th January, 2023, Ohaegbu stated though he supported the moves by Keyamo, the probe, however “should be expanded to include the other two major candidates in the forthcoming 2023 general elections.” READ ALSO: I Am Prepared To Be Jailed After Going To Court – Keyamo Takes Atiku’s Corruption Personal “Investigation on the allegation of conviction of drug related crimes in the United States against the APC candidate, Bola Tinubu, also needs to be made and Nigerians promptly informed of steps taken to investigate the allegation. “The Nigerian voters deserve to know if he actually forfeited the of $460,000 to the United States of America for his convictions on Narcotics Trafficking and money laundering in the United States. “Your investigation will disclose to Nigerians at what point the Lagos State Government was divested of her interests in the choice properties and at what terms? The allegation of using Alpha Beta as the SPV for Tax Consultancy while serving as the Governor of Lagos should also be investigated. “The presidential candidate of the Labour Party, Peter Obi, should also be arrested and investigated on allegation of allocation of Anambra State land to a company belonging to his family, SABmiller Nigeria Ltd, the producers of hero beer and the investment of over $20m (twenty million dollars) equivalent to about N13billion in the same company when the company allegedly had financial challenges to start productions. “Allegations that choice lands were appropriated from the state and given to Shoprite Conglomerates in Onitsha, Awka and Nnewi because he had family investments in the company, among others, should also be brought to public knowledge.” 