The Atiku-Okowa-led Peoples Democratic Party Presidential Campaign has slammed the presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Ahmed Tinubu, over continuous blunders during his campaign rallies. Phrank Shaibu, the Special Assistant on Public Communication to Atiku Abubakar, in a statement accused Tinubu of lacking capacity. Shaibu stated that Tinubu’s Kano outing proves further that the APC candidate “has nothing to offer”, adding that after spending so much money to organise the rally, he still could not deliver an inspiring speech to the crowd gathered to listen to him speak. He said, “In a bid to conceal his inability to deliver a coherent speech, the APC candidate said rather than speak, he would dance instead. ‘Today, I have come home to Kano. All I want to do is dance. I want music.‘ “Unfortunately, Tinubu’s dance moves proved to be as uncoordinated as his unintelligible speech. The people and the gods rejected him. “But this would not be the first time that he would be doing such. In Bénin on Thursday, It was a mixture of ‘Bala blu’ and concoction as he mumbled: ‘I will turn the so-called Yahoo Boys to experts in manufacturing and creation of chips and datjfgfdfgxfvvf.” READ ALSO: Buhari Set To Campaign For Tinubu in 10 states – APC PCC Shaibu recalled that “the APC rally which was held at the Trade Fair Complex in Minna on December 14, 2022, Tinubu also could not muster the energy to address the crowd that had been waiting for him for over six hours. “On mounting the podium, the APC candidate shouted, ‘Niger Sai Bagode,’ with a brief response from the crowd. Tinubu thereafter left the venue, a situation that made the Master of Ceremony announce the end of the campaign in Niger State. “The APC campaign council hurriedly put out a statement, claiming that Tinubu’s inability to address the crowd had nothing to do with ill health but he was rather overwhelmed by the crowd. Bollocks. “At the APC rally in Ebonyi State where he managed to speak for 20 minutes before a rented crowd, Tinubu spent seven minutes acknowledging governors and chanting, ‘Great Ebonyi, greatest of the greatest’. “When it was time for him to deliver his speech properly, his mental deficiency was laid bare when he said “electric power is a super highway… they could not even make a down payment for the roasted corn (sic)”, whatever that means.“ He also said, “Similarly at the town hall in Owerri, his weakness was again exposed when he described the town hall as being different from “Balabu, Blu blu, Bulaba. “Clearly, these are warning signs which Nigerians must not ignore as they head to the polls next month. “If this election were about comedy, then Tinubu would win hands down as his speeches have become an excellent material for Tik Tok, Internet memes and even stand-up comedians but unfortunately this is serious business.“