 A 40-year-old man, Nuhu Usman, of Dangarga village in Burra District of Ningi Local Government Area of Bauchi State has allegedly shot and killed one of his two wives with a dane gun. The suspect reportedly believed that his eldest son, who harbored resentment toward him, would visit his room to harm him, so he loaded his local gun and kept it by his side as he slept. Usman was sleeping when his wife went out to urinate, and upon her return to the room, he thought it was his son that had come into the room to attack him, so he took his gun and shot at her on her stomach. The Police Public Relations Officer, Bauchi State Command, Ahmed Wakil, who stated these in a media statement made available to journalists on Friday, said that the victim was rushed to the hospital where she was certified dead by a medical doctor. READ ALSO: Man Pays Friend N10,000 To Kill Pregnant Wife In Ogun “Operatives attached to the command have arrested Nuhu Umar Usman, male (40) of Dangarfa Village via kyata Burra District Bauchi state. “Preliminary investigation revealed that the suspect slept in the same room with his late wife that night, the suspect had two wives and six children. That there was an altercation between the wives, to the extent that the eldest son held grudges against the father and threatened to harm him. “Prior to that incident, the eldest son threatened the father. This made the suspect load his dane gun and kept it beside him throughout the night waiting for any intruder, possibly his eldest son. “Investigation revealed that on December 28, 2022, at about 2.00am while he was sleeping in the same room with his wife, Ladi Nuhu (37) of the same address she went out of the room to ease herself. On her way back to the room, the husband woke up and took the dane gun upon hearing a suspicious move close to his room and directly fired at her in the stomach. “As a result, she sustained injury. The victim was rushed to the General Hospital Burra, but certified dead by a medical doctor. The Commissioner of Police, Aminu Alhassan, directed that the suspect be charged to court on completion of the investigation,” he stated. Wakil further said that a 50-year old woman was also arrested by the command’s operatives for allegedly killing her co-wife. He said that the suspect, Amina Guguwa, of Miya village, Warji Local Government Area of Bauchi State, strangled her co-wife, Amina Koli (60) following a physical confrontation on January 1, 2023. “Amina Guguwa, the suspect, criminally used force on the victim by strangling her neck tightly and as a result, she died on the spot,’’ he said.