Following the sad death of French Nun Sister Andre, Lucile Randon, who was the world’s oldest known person at age 118, Maria Branyas Morera, born March 4, 1907 is next in line to emerge the world’s oldest living person. According to Gerontology Research Group, 115-year-old Branyas who was born in San Francisco, California, to an expatriate Catalan family, lives in Spain Branyas, soon to be 116-year-old in less than 2 months, married Joan Moret, a doctor in 1931, with whom she worked at his side as a nurse during the Spanish Civil War and had three children together. The supercentenarian travelled to Egypt, Italy, the Netherlands, England and took up sewing, music and reading in the 1990s. At the age of 92, in the year 2000, she moved to a nursing home in Olot, Catalonia, after contracting pneumonia. Branyas, at the nursing home was an active resident, playing the piano and exercising gymnastics until her mobility deteriorated. READ ALSO: World Oldest Person, French Nun Sister André Dies At 118 Wikipedia reveals she lives a quiet, simple life and rarely leaves her room, adding that she has never smoked, drunk alcohol, or dieted, and attributed her health to good genes. However, the American-born tested positive for COVID-19, when she was 113 years old, in April 2020 and thankfully became the oldest person to recover from the virus. Nonetheless, Branyas who is also deaf became a supercentenarian on 4 March 2017 and has been the oldest living Spaniard since the death of Josefa Santos Gonzalez on 22 December 2019. Information Nigeria is able to learn more about Maria Branyas Morera amid the heartbreaking news of Sister Andre’s death, who died in her sleep in a nursing home in Toulon. Sister Andre devoted a large part of her life to Catholicism and had lived through two world wars. It is worthy of note that the 100 oldest women have, on average, lived several years longer than the 100 oldest men in the world. The oldest known living man is Juan Vicente Pérez Mora, of Venezuela, aged 113 years. 