 The family of a 29-year-old tailor, Quadri Nurudeen, based in Osogbo, Osun State, has demanded a thorough investigation into the circumstances surrounding how Nurudeen was allegedly shot dead by some officers of the Osun State Command of the Nigeria Police Force. The deceased, father of a child, was allegedly killed while he was trying to escape arrest, after some police officers stormed his house located around Jaleoyemi Area of Osogbo in the early hours of Wednesday. A cousin to the deceased, Islamiyah Omowumi, who spoke with Punch, said men of the Anti-Cultism Unit of the Osun State Police Command covering their faces, had brought a man believed to be a suspect in handcuffs to the deceased’s house and forced their way in. According to her, the landlady of the deceased was still asking the officers questions about their mission when they told her to show them where Nurudeen was living. “They (the officers) just went straight to the door of the room where the deceased was living with his wife and their eight-month old baby and started kicking it, then Nurudeen’s wife opened the door for them. READ ALSO: Delta Police Arrest Four-Man Fraud Syndicate, Recover 15 ATM Cards “Out of fear, my brother jumped through the window into the next compound, but the police in the process shot him in the chest and he fell. They collected his phone, that of his wife and left. He was still alive when the police left. One of his neighbours was trying to get people to help us carry him when the police came back to where he was lying and took him away in their vehicle. “We searched everywhere for him when day broke until we decided to check the morgue of UniOsun Teaching Hospital, Osogbo, where we found him lying dead. We were told some policemen brought him and left their number. “It was when we called the number that we got at the morgue that we discovered that it belonged to an operative of the Osun Police Anti-Cultism Unit. We went to their office and they shot into the air to disperse us. We are demanding justice for Nurudeen. He should not die in vain. Police should identify those who killed him and punish them accordingly,” Omowumi concluded. The Osun Police Command Public Relations Officer, Yemisi Opalola, said the deceased was suspected of involving in crime and the police that went to his house wanted to effect his arrest for proper investigation to be conducted, when he attempted to escape. She said, “He jumped and hit his chest on the ground. Police did not shoot him but investigation is still on to get more facts about the matter.”