President Muhammadu Buhari, on Monday night in Damaturu, Yobe State, has warned that whoever hopes to serve Nigeria must be prepared for the worst. The President, who shared his experience as Nigeria president in the last seven and a half years, while speaking at a State Banquet, organised in his honour after commissioning a number of projects in the state, reaffirmed that nobody could blackmail him on inexplicable wealth and illicit enrichment while in office. He said, ‘I do not have one square inch outside Nigeria.’’ President Buhari in a statement issued by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Chief Femi Adesina, restated his vow to serve God and Nigeria until his last day in office and beyond. He advised Nigerians to remain patriotic, saying ‘‘as I said more than 30 years ago, we have no other country than Nigeria, we must all stay here and salvage it together.’’ Noting that the most critical security challenge inherited by the administration nearly eight years ago was the potent and pervasive threat of terrorism, the President expressed delight that normalcy has returned to affected states in Northeast Nigeria. READ MORE: Yobe Declares January 9th, 10th Public Holiday Ahead Of Buhari’s Arrival He recounted that the threat was particularly pervasive across the Northeast geopolitical zone with Yobe State as one of the most hit by the terrorists. He, therefore, declared that he has fulfilled the commitment made to Nigerians in his May 29, 2015, inaugural address to frontally and courageously tackle Boko Haram terrorists and stabilize the country. ‘‘In the Northeast, God has helped us to clear Boko Haram, the economy has picked up and some people are asking me about the achievements of my promise to fight corruption. ‘‘Well, under this system, fighting corruption is not easy. When I was in the military, as Head of State, I locked up some people because the Constitution says you must declare your assets and for people who couldn’t explain the differences in their assets, I locked them up. ‘‘In the end, I was also locked up. So, if you want to serve this country you must be prepared for the worst. But one thing that I am grateful to God for is that nobody can blackmail me. I do not have one-square inch outside Nigeria and I intend to stay in Nigeria when I retire from public office”, he said. Reflecting on his journey to the Presidency and re-election, the President said ‘‘between 2003 and 2019, I visited all the local government areas in this country. In 2019 when I attempted re-election, I visited every State and the number of people that came out to see who this Buhari is and was is more than what anybody can pay or force. ‘‘So, I thank God that Nigerians understood me and I made a promise that I will serve God and Nigerians”, he said.