Osun State governor, Ademola Adeleke has hailed President Muhammadu Buhari for signing the electoral Act, which he proudly said paved way for his victory as governor in his State. Adeleke stated this at a media chat on Friday, after a private meeting with Buhari at the state house. This will be the first time, Adeleke will be visiting the state house since he was elected under the ticket of the main opposition, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) and inaugurated in November last year. He said “I am happy to tell you that I just saw our President, looking so well, looking so good and I’m happy about that. Underscoring the President’s good health, Governor Adeleke noted that Nigerians and the International community have equally applauded the conduct of the exercise. “Since my election, I feel like I should come and say hello to Mr. President and thank him for signing that Electoral Act because I benefited from it. That paved way for free and fair elections and the international community is applauding Nigeria, that Nigeria is set for democracy. “So that is why I’m here today; to see him, thank him and wish him well in his remaining time in office.” READ ALSO: Elections: PDP To Partner With Over 11 Political Parties Asked other things they discussed, Adeleke said: “Nothing, that’s the main reason. We just greeted and some of the other things, I already submitted and I will see the Chief of Staff for us to discuss on the way forward for the federal government to assist Osun State.” He gave his priorities in the State as development of agriculture, education, and investment drive. Among requests Adeleke made were; support on infrastructure development, a proposed new economic city and free trade zone, tax credit, and other Federal facilities in Osun State. Meanwhile, President Buhari promised to consider the requests for assistance made by the Adeleke, who was at State House on a ‘thank you’ visit. The governor had told President Buhari according to a statement by Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina that: “I had waited patiently for this appointment, and was praying fervently for it to happen. It’s a dream come true for me to see you, and have a handshake. “I am a beneficiary of the new Electoral Law you signed, as it paved the way for free and fair elections, ruling out ballot box snatching and stuffing. “The security agencies followed your instruction to be fair and firm, and I am so proud of you. You are a true father, regardless of political party differences.” It would be recalled that during the election in July, 2022, governor Adeleke unseated the incumbent governor, Gboyega Oyetola of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). 