Cristiano Ronaldo failed to score again as Al-Nassr were dumped out of the Saudi Super Cup. Nuno Espirito Santo’s Al-Ittihad ran out 3-1 winners to progress to the final. Al-Nassr fought back in the second half when Talisca met Luis Gustavo’s low cross from the left and beat Marcelo Grohe with a clinical finish on 67 minutes. But Al-Ittihad sealed the win in the third minute of added time with Muhannad Al-Shanqeeti after another assist by Romarinho. The result means Ronaldo has now failed to score in each of his two Al-Nassr appearances. Al-Nassr have been eliminated from the Saudi Super Cup after their 3-1 loss to Al-Ittihad in the semi-finals. Ronaldo failed to break his duck during a rough night for Rudi Garcia’s team. Nuno Espirito Santo’s team will face Al Feiha in the final on Sunday. Al-Nassr, on the other hand, will be back in action on February 3 when they visit Al Fateh in the Saudi Pro League. Al-Nassr dominated 64 per cent of possession despite their 3-1 loss. Cristiano Ronaldo and co managed 17 shots but only three of them were on target. Al-Ittihad, on the other hand, registered eight shots, five of which were on target. Al-Ittihad knocked Al-Nassr from the Saudi Super Cup with a 3-1 win in their semi-final at the King Fahd International Stadium. Nuno Espirito Santo’s men opened the scoring after just 15 minutes when Abdulrahman Al-Aboud found Romarinho totally unmarked from the left before the Brazilian beat Agustin Rossi. Romarinho then turned from goalscorer into provider two minutes before half-time as he delivered a pinpoint cross from the right and found Abderrazak Hamdallah totally unmarked in the far post. READ MORE:Cristiano Ronaldo And Lionel Messi Both Score In Saudi Exhibition The striker got the header and sent the ball to Agustin’s bottom left corner. Al-Nassr came back in the second half when Talisca met Luis Gustavo’s low cross from the left and beat Marcelo Grohe with a clinical finish on 67 minutes. But Al-Ittihad sealed the win in the third minute of added time with Muhannad Al-Shanqeeti after another assist by Romarinho. A miserable night for Cristiano Ronaldo and co with the five-time Ballon d’Or winner failing to stand out