Abia State’s Labour Party (LP) governorship candidate, Alex Otti has said there is more to winning elections than having crowds during campaign rallies. Otti stated this on Wednesday at a forum organised by the LP leadership with the theme: “Roadmap 2023: elections path to victory.” The guber candidate revealed that while the crowd at rallies is not a measurement of the party or candidate’s acceptability among the people, it is also a parameter that can’t be completely ignored. He opined that educating supporters, creating awareness and mobilizing the electorate to vote are very important towards winning elections. Otti said the organization of supporters is the needed structure LP must focus on so as not to lose the votes on election day, adding that the Party must have people in every polling unit to secure not just the votes but the voters also. He said: “As Labour Party, we need to now get more organized because we must win the presidential, governorship, House of Assembly, House of Reps, and Senatorial elections that we filled people. “So, since we must win, we must organize ourselves. READ ALSO:2023: God Revealed NNPP Will Redeem Abia, Ignore PDP, APC, LP – Christian Group “When people are talking about structure, what they are basically talking about is organisation. “You may have votes everywhere, but if you have not organised yourselves in such a manner that you can harness the votes, the results may surprise you. “I charge the leadership of the party to sit down and begin to plan the election. “Rallies are very good, they mobilise people, they create awareness but I must add that rallies do not win elections. “So, what wins elections will be the vote. “We must speak to the voters, a lot of them are still not well-educated. “We must have people in every polling unit to secure not just the votes but the voters also. “I can tell you that our opponents are strategising and part of their strategies is that, ‘if we cannot win this election, then we‘ll need to destabilise it’. “So, on that election day, some people will come purposely to destabilise voting in different polling units. So, we must be prepared for that.”