American multinational technology company, Amazon, has revealed that it plans to lay off 18,000 employees, representing 1.2 percent of its 1.5 million total workforce across the globe. This is following after the company sacked 10,000 employees in November last year. Andy Jassy, Amazon’s Chief Executive Officer (CEO), announced the development in a public staff note, attributing the job cuts to the “uncertain economy” and the company’s rapid hiring over the last several years. The CEO said the company will start informing affected employees from January 18. “As I shared back in November, as part of our annual planning process for 2023, leaders across the company have been working with their teams and looking at their workforce levels, investments they want to make in the future, and prioritising what matters most to customers and the long-term health of our businesses. READ ALSO: Amazon Plans To Lay Off 10,000 Employees Starting This Week – NYT “This year’s review has been more difficult given the uncertain economy and that we’ve hired rapidly over the last several years. In November, we communicated the hard decision to eliminate a number of positions across our devices and books businesses, and also announced a voluntary reduction offer for some employees in our people, experience, and technology (PXT) organisation. “I also shared that we weren’t done with our annual planning process and that I expected there would be more role reductions in early 2023. “Today, I wanted to share the outcome of these further reviews, which is the difficult decision to eliminate additional roles. Between the reductions we made in November and the ones we’re sharing today, we plan to eliminate just over 18,000 roles”, Jassy said. Jassy noted it would majorly impact Amazon Stores and PXT organisations, while stating that all the affected employees will receive packages that also include external job placement support. “S-team and I are deeply aware that these role eliminations are difficult for people, and we don’t take these decisions lightly or underestimate how much they might affect the lives of those who are impacted. We are working to support those who are affected and are providing packages that include a separation payment, transitional health insurance benefits, and external job placement support. “We typically wait to communicate about these outcomes until we can speak with the people who are directly impacted. However, because one of our teammates leaked this information externally, we decided it was better to share this news earlier so you can hear the details directly from me”, he said.