Ahead of the February general election, the Presidential Candidate of the ruling All Progressives Congress APC, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu on Sunday dismissed reports about the fragility of his health, saying he has been outworking his opponents in the race. Tinubu made the declaration when he met with critical stakeholders of the party with a view to forging a common front towards sweeping the polls. “As you can see, they call me weak but I am canvassing back and forth and, in every corner, and space of the nation. My opponents are not. I am outworking them because this election is a great mission for me, much more than my personal ambition”, he stated. READ MORE: Ignore The Senseless Lies, APC Reacts To PDP’s Alleged Violence Sponsoring By Tinubu This was as the APC Presidential Campaign Council PCC said it would work strictly with the list of candidates published by the Independent National Electoral Commission INEC, disclaiming concerns in some quarters that some powerful politicians could arm-twist the party into announcing multiple lists. Addressing journalists on the outcome of the meeting, the Secretary of the PCC, Hon. James Faleke said the council resolve to work with the INEC list of candidates, adding that there are no multiple lists. He said, “It is just a relationship meeting between our candidate and the Presidential Campaign Council. We want to know what is happening in their various states. There is nothing more than that. “The biggest takeaway is the determination of everybody to work for the success of the party. From our interactions with the candidates, I can assure Nigerians that we are winning this election. As for the challenges they relayed to us that they are facing, it is an internal issue we will handle internally. “On the question about having multiple candidates for some seats, we have some candidates challenged by other aspirants while others have court judgement but as far as the INEC list is concerned, we are going to deal with the list. We are not dealing with party list this time around. We already have the INEC list in our custody. We have a case of somebody winning at Court of Appeal but the loser who appealed to Supreme Court wants us to stay action because of the appeal. But, we have told them that the law does not operate that way. We have made it clear to them that the law says that the man with substantive judgement be allowed”. Faleke also described as “fantastic”, the relationship between Tinubu and the state governors. “He has fantastic relationships with the governors. Nobody should listen to those lies. If they are bold enough, let them say it. The (Peoples Democratic Party PDP) are the one that has problems like the G-5, G-2, and G-1. Let them also be thinking that we are facing the problem of funds”, he added.