Atiku Abubakar, the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, and the party’s National Chairman, Iyorchia Ayu, on Sunday paid a condolence visit to Jonah Jang in Jos, former governor of Plateau State. Attiku’s visit to the former governor was following Saturday’s accident which claimed the lives of 16 party supporters and left 83 others injured. The supporters, mostly young boys, were said to be returning from the party’s zonal rally in Pankshin Local Government Area (LGA) when the truck conveying them crashed near a bridge in Panyam community, at Mangu LGA of the state. Atiku described the death of the party supporters as painful, saying that their sacrifices would not go in vain in his condolence message. “For us,the loss is a very painful one for the lives of the young ones to be cut short at their prime. “We are with you in prayers in this sad moment and we want to assure you that we will stand by you to make sure that those in the hospital receive the best medical attention,” Atiku said. READ ALSO: Police Confirm Release Of Kidnapped Plateau DPO The former Vice President commended Jang for the leadership of the PDP in Plateau and assured him, “Nobody makes sacrifices without the sacrifice being acknowledged and appreciated,” even as he announced a cash donation of N30 million in aide of the accident victims who are still receiving treatment at the various hospitals in the state. Equally, Ayu condoled with the PDP family in the state over the sad incident and prayed God to give them the strength to bear the irreparable loss. Ayu also announced a donation of N10 million to the accident victims on behalf of the national PDP and said that their sacrifices would not be in vain. He assured that they would continue to work hard not just for the PDP, but for the country “to rebuild the country with greater facilities that such a thing will not happen again.” Jang, in his remark,  thanked the former Vice President and his delegation over the visit describing the gesture as a mark of “love” which the PDP was known for.