 The Benue State Police Command has confirmed the arrest of a mother of two, Mrs. Charity Upev for allegedly beating her 10-year-old stepson, Fanen, to death over a missing piece of meat. The incident happened on Monday, January 23, 2023, along the popular Abu King Shuluwa Way near the international market, behind Deeper life camp in Makurdi, the state capital. It was gathered that the suspect was apprehended after her neighbours reported the issue to the ‘E Division’ of the State Police Command. READ ALSO: “My Daughter Became Mentally Unstable After Attending Abuja Wedding” – Mother of ABSU Student Found Wandering In Enugu Speaks A source who spoke to Vanguard disclosed that the death of the deceased almost sparked angry protest by youths of the area who had wanted to vent their anger on the suspect but for the quick intervention of the police who arrested her. “The woman was said to have beaten the boy Sunday morning for allegedly picking a piece of meat from her pot of soup, but much later in the evening the boy started vomiting what was suspected to be blood,” the source told Vanguard. “He was rushed to the hospital where he was shortly after pronounced dead. So everyone is saying the boy who is the stepson of the woman, must have suffered internal bleeding which led to his death. “Though it is an assumption because the autopsy on the cause of death is not yet out, but the general belief in the neighbourhood is that he died as a result of the beating he received earlier in the day.” The spokesperson of the command, SP, Catherine Anene, on Wednesday confirmed the death of the 10 year old boy saying the suspect has been arrested. “On January 23, 2023 at about 5pm, a case of culpable homicide was reported at the ‘E’ Police Division, Makurdi. A team of detectives were deployed immediately,” the statement read. “Preliminary investigation revealed that the deceased, Fanen Yange, 10 years old of International Market Area, Makurdi was alleged by his stepmother, Mrs. Upev to have stolen meat from the pot and she beat him up during the early hours of the day but when the victim went to sleep at night, he could not wake up.” The PPRO stated that the remains of the boy had been deposited at the morgue of Bishop Murray hospital Makurdi awaiting autopsy while investigation into the matter was ongoing.