Bauchi State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), has denied insinuations that Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir, the governor of the State, dumped Atiku Abubakar, the presidential candidate of the PDP, for the factional G-5 governors group led by Rivers State governor, Nyesom Wike. Referring to the development as mere rumours and a figment of the imagination of the mongers, the State chairman of the PDP, Hamza Koshe Akuyam simply said that, “Nothing like that, PDP is for all, both Atiku Abubakar as presidential candidate and Sen Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir as the gubernatorial candidate in Bauchi state.” Publicity secretary of the PDP, Yayanuwa Zainabari also described the reports in the media as “misleading and a calculated attempt to divert the attention of the electorates.” Zainabari in a telephone conversation with Leadership said, “the report that G-5 Governors will attend the flagging-off of the 2023 gubernatorial reelection campaign of His Excellency, Governor Bala Abdulkadir Mohammed is not true. It is misinformation designed to divert attention.” He insisted, “there is no iota of truth in the rumours, no any G-5 Governors are coming to Bauchi for any campaign flagg off. Let me tell you that the Governor has postponed the gubernatorial campaign flag off, it will be done with the state presidential campaign flag off at a later date.” Zainab who doubles as Director of Media and Publicity of the gubernatorial campaign council, insisted that the campaign will be formally launched in February when the 2023 Presidential Candidate, Atiku Abubakar is expected in Bauchi for a presidential rally. READ ALSO: Gov. Bala Mohammed Dumps Atiku, Invites G5 Govs. For Re-Election Campaign Flag-Off In Bauchi He added that, “As you know, Atiku Abubakar is for Bauchi State and bauchi state is for Atiku Abubakar at any time. Remember the warm reception accorded him the last time he came to Bauchi, the mammoth crowd that heralded his coming.” The PDP PRO stressed that there is no way the PDP in the state will part ways with its presidential candidate saying, “our votes are for him come the presidential election, in sha Allah, he will emerge the next president of Nigeria.” However, former Deputy Senate Leader, Abdul Ahmed Ningi said that, “there is no iota of truth in that report, Governor Bala Mohammed Abdulkadir remains resolute to the presidential candidate of the PDP, Atiku Abubakar and he is working hard to deliver the state to the PDP.” Ningi who is the senatorial candidate of the PDP for Bauchi Central senatorial zone said that, “You just go round the state and you will see that all the campaign posters, billboards and other materials have the pictures of the two together.” “All the branded campaign vehicles bear the pictures of Atiku and Bala. What other evidence does someone needs to believe that the 2 are working together for the success of the PDP in the 2023 General elections.” Information Nigeria had reported that the G5 Governors who are members of the PDP, will attend the official flagging off of Governor Bala Mohammed’s campaign on Wednesday owing to the dispute with the party’s presidential candidate Also, it will be recalled that the G5 governors in November 2022 visited Bauchi to strategize ways to assist Governor Bala Mohammed secure reelection after he raised concerns that some men around Atiku Abubakar from Bauchi State are bent to scuttle his efforts as a punishment for contesting the party’s presidential ticket against the former vice president. 