Angry youths in Kano yesterday staged protests following President Muhammadu Buhari’s official visit to the State. In video clips, the youths, carrying sticks, threw stones at Buhari’s helicopter but were however dispersed by security agents who fired shots in the air to scare them away. The mammoth protesting youths were chanting “ba mu so” (we don’t want) as they set a bonfire of tires along Hotoro Road where the president had left after commissioning the Muhammadu Buhari Interchange. The protest came few days after a similar incident occurred in Katsina, the president’s hometown. According to reports, some sections of all the four major roads leading the newly constructed Muhammadu Buhari Interchange Flyover were closed for two days in anticipation of the president’s visit. However, speaking yesterday, at a State Banquet in Kano, to conclude his one-day official visit after inaugurating several projects executed by the Federal, State governments and the private sector, the president, according to a statement issued by his Media Adviser, Femi Adesina, stressed that, “we have a great country but we do not appreciate it until we visit our neighbors and other countries where the preoccupation is for people to have one good meal a day. READ ALSO: 2023 Election: “Tinubu’s Victory Will Ensure New Lease Of Life For Nigerians” – Kano Support Group Buhari, speaking in Kano said: “When I fly by helicopter, the number of high-rise buildings I see and the amount of development on the ground are fantastic. We thank God.” He urged citizens to appreciate what they have as the situation in the country is not dire when compared with other countries. The President also tasked the elites to encourage and inspire young people to embrace education, saying, “whether we like it or not we are going to leave the country for them. “They must embrace education for education’s sake. Technology has made it possible for short cuts but nothing can replace real learning. Please encourage the children to learn.” He congratulated governor Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano State for doing very well on infrastructure, adding that his recent state visits to Kogi, Yobe, Lagos and Katsina showed that the respective governors have done very well, within the confines of funds available to them. On security, the President, who described Boko Haram as a fraudulent organisation with links to international groups bent on destroying Nigeria, said his administration had succeeded in decimating the terror group, limiting their capacity to inflict harm.