Charles Aniagwu, spokesperson of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) presidential campaign council, has called on the Nyesom Wike-led G-5 to let peace reign in the party. Aniagwu, who is the Delta State Commissioner for Information, speaking with AIT said despite threats by the G-5 governors to back another candidate, the PDP would continue to appeal to them so they can deliver on its rescue mission. According to the spokesman, Wike’s actions in recent times are inimical to democratic norms and ethos. He pleaded that the the Rivers governor respects the democratic rights of citizens of the state to freely support their preferred candidates without hindrance. Aniagwu said: “We will continue to plead with our leaders who are members of the G-5 because we believe that working with us will smoothen our ride to Aso Rock Presidential Villa. “We also recognise their democratic rights to make choices but as they do so they must recognise the role the party has played in their lives and that is why we are asking them to sheath their sword and return home. READ ALSO: I Have No Problem With Atiku – Wike “Much as we desire that there should be peace in the party, a peaceful Nigeria is much more than any group and PDP being a group is desirous of a peaceful Nigeria.” He stated that Wike’s recent actions strangulating opposition views in the state were not good for democracy, adding that the governor has to a very large extent progressed in error. Aniagwu said: “Revocation of Certificate of Occupancy of those who tend to have divergent views with him is not in line with democratic norms and principles. “Hounding members of the party that don’t agree with him is not also in line with the democratic ethos and so while we allow him to have his own choice, he should respect the rights of those who gave him the power which is of course transient and would be over in 5 months time. “If Wike doesn’t like Atiku and Okowa he should think about what the party has done for him right from when he became Chairman of Obiakpo Local Government Council to becoming two-time governor of oil-rich Rivers state. “Let him respect the fact that the party has done well for him and return home to help the party to win the election. “This is important because where we are now is not a period for acrobatics but a period to begin to rebuild, and recover Nigeria and in doing so we need to march together in one accord as members of the PDP which is the only party that is well positioned to lead Nigeria out of the woods.”