The government of Edo State has on Sunday confirmed the arrest of a suspect in connection with the abduction of passengers at the train station in the Igueben Local Government Area of Edo State. The commissioner for Communication and Orientation in the State, Chris Nehikhare, stated this at a press conference on Sunday. Information Nigeria had earlier reported that the gunmen struck when the victims were waiting to board a train to Warri in Delta State, abducting over thirty passengers. Nehikhare described the incident as the most trying period for the state government while adding that the State’s security apparatus swung into action. He noted that the efforts of the security had yielded a result and the arrested suspect was helping the police unravel the case. He said, “Yesterday is no doubt one of the most trying day so far in the new year for us as a government. A few armed men kidnapped 32 people at the Igueben train station. The deputy governor, Comrade Philip Shaibu, has visited the train station for the spot assessment of the situation. READ ALSO: NRC Shuts Down Edo Train Station Indefinitely “The abductors, some of whom came by vehicles and the others by the bush paths, escaped into the bush with the victims. “Immediately the news filtered in, the police in the area, local vigilantes and hunters swung into action and bush combing began to rescue the victims. “Information at our disposal is to the effect that of the 32 people kidnapped, one escaped and we have 31 others with the kidnappers. “The good news for us as a government is that one of the kidnappers has been arrested and he is helping the police to unravel the whole thing. “The state government under the leadership of Governor Godwin Obaseki wants to commend the swiftness with which the police swung into action. We also want to commend the Edo State Vigilante Group and the local hunters in the area for their efforts so far at rescuing the remaining victims. “As a government, we hope too that this will be the last time we will have daring people invading our train stations, and particularly, any part of Edo State, as we will make such daring elements uncomfortable and secure our state. “We want to assure the security agencies and the local hunters and vigilantes that the Edo State Government will continue to support them as efforts are being made to rescue the remaining 31 victims.”