Alhassan Ado Doguwa, House of Representatives majority leader, on Monday said he suspects that President Muhammadu Buhari was misled by the governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele on the redesign of the N200, N500, N1,000 bank notes. Doguwa who stated this in an interview with Channels Television’s Politics Today, expressed hope that Buhari will take the right steps to remedy his action. According to the All Progressives Congress (APC) chieftain, the naira swap will frustrate the 2023 general elections, adding that he doubts Emefiele’s sincerity who was once a presidential aspirant in the APC. “The President as chief executive of government or the President as C-in-C (Commander-in-Chief), who of course is the leader of the party on one hand. I want to also look at the central bank and Emefiele as governor of the bank on another hand. “Perhaps when the President is presented with a misleading briefing that is not quite express to even understand the implications therein, then, definitely, the President is bound to act in the wrong direction. That is my suspicion and that is my own understanding.” He said. READ ALSO: Naira Swap: House of Reps. Reject Extension, Threaten To Arrest Emefiele Doguwa also revealed that he met with the President on Sunday and he expressed his dissatisfaction. He further stated that Emefiele’s inability to honour the invitation by the House of Representatives is an affront to the CBN Act and the legislative arm of government. According to him, the extension of the deadline for the naira swap shows that Buhari was not fully briefed on the implications of the naira redesign before the implementation of the policy. He said, “It (the extension) goes to confirm to you that if the President was actually briefed ab initio of the implications and the outcome of the naira redesign, then definitely he won’t have come now to say let’s extend it by 10 days, which means there is an issue. “So, I am sure Mr President will be one humble leader to understand when he is misled and he should be able to now come to look at the right thing and take the right decision like he is doing now.” He however added that the House will go ahead to issue an arrest warrant on Emefiele should he further fail to honour an invite by the lower chamber.