Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State has said the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu, possesses the character and courage required to rule Nigeria. Wike who received Tinubu at the Government House, Port Harcourt, shortly after the APC candidate’s campaign rally in the State on Wednesday, said he owes nobody apologies for making the declarative endorsement while wishing Tinubu luck in his presidential bid. He charged Tinubu not to encourage further funding on the APC guber candidate in Rivers, Tonye Cole, saying he has no chance against Siminaliayi Fubura, candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) who Wike projects to succeed him. The governor further acknowledged that Tinubu, the former Lagos governor had never changed political party and holds firm to what he believes in, just as he revealed that he copied some of his (Wike’s) governorship policies that have brought him praise, particularly quality welfare for judicial officers, from the policies of Tunubu when he was Lagos governor. “I have no apology to anybody to say nobody born of a woman can intimidate me. You have never changed party one day. That tells of your character and courage and that is what we require in this country” the Rivers governor told Tinubu.” “But let me advice you, don’t spend any more money on your governorship candidate here (Rivers).” READ ALSO: G-5 Will Take Action On February 25 – Wike The Integrity Group leader castigated the PDP presidential candidate, Atiku Abubakar, for lacking character in switching political parties and not being a promise keeper in the agreement to let party chairmanship go to South if he won the party ticket. Speaking on the worsening trouble with the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) currency redesign, Wike said, “Governor of CBN is disrespecting Supreme Court. Where has it happened in democracy? “Supreme Court say do not do this and everybody is folding hands, begging CBN to obey Supreme Court. If the Supreme Court is not to be obeyed, what are you telling the people?” Tinubu had told Wike that they were two political leaders of a kind in being fearless, consistent in character, law-abiding and not changing political platform against the odds. “You never advocated division or breakup of our country. All your advocacy is about sharing of the cake we bake together. We are here to campaign on the philosophy you brought about when you said let power shift to the South.” Apparently hammering Atiku for vacillating between PDP and APC, Tinubu told Wike, “I do not want to abuse anybody. I’m not here (Government House) to campaign. It is because of your character, your belief and faith that when we came to Port Harcourt to campaign, we said we must pay you a courtesy visit.” 