Prince Uche Secondus, a former National Chairman of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) , has said President Muhammadu Buhari’s initiative of the naira redesign deserves support from Nigerians. Secondus alleged that corrupt politicians and vote-buyers are behind the call for the suspension of the deadline for the spending of old naira notes. According to him, in an interview with Punch, there were politicians who might have stockpiled millions of old naira notes in their homes to bribe voters during the election. The PDP chieftain who urged Nigerians to be wary of those he said were claiming to be fighting for the masses, asked them to support Buhari, in his desire to rid the country of election riggers and corrupt politicians. He said “If there is any policy of President Buhari that deserves to be supported, it is the new naira policy. Though we all know that the President has not done well since he assumed office, the idea behind the new naira policy deserves to be supported. READ ALSO: ‘You Have Knack For Picking Good Heads’ — Secondus Hails Atiku For Choosing Okowa “It will rid the country of corruption because those who use cash to bribe voters will not be allowed to do so. Then, the policy will also help the banks to trace the movement of money across accounts. “We should not think that the politicians, who have refused to speak on fuel scarcity before, strikes by university lecturers, high cost of living, non-payment of salaries as and when due, lack of electricity and others, and are talking now are friends of Nigerians. “They are not. They are merely protecting their interest and that of their political parties, which is not in the interest of the country.” The technical adviser to the presidential candidate of the PDP, Atiku Abubakar, also congratulated the members of the Council of State for backing the Central Bank of Nigeria policy and the conduct of the elections as scheduled by the Independent National Electoral Commission, saying he was sure his candidate would win the election just as he condemned the violent against the party in Rivers State.  