Femi Fani-Kayode, Director of Special Projects and New media of the All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Campaign Council, says it was a challenging experience facing an investigation panel at the Department of State Services (DSS) headquarters. The former minister of aviation, reported at the office of the secret police on Monday after he was summoned by the DSS for tweeting that Atiku Abubakar, presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), met with some unnamed army generals in a bid to start a coup that will scuttle the forthcoming elections. Speaking with reporters at the national secretariat of the APC in Abuja after meeting with agents of the secret police, he said at the right time, the PDP presidential candidate would be invited for questioning. “We have no choice but to have confidence in the system, we have no other system and where to go. By and large, the system works. Sometimes, it may not get it right but most of the time, they get it right,” Fani-Kayode said. “I appreciate the fact that when it comes to national security we have to be careful for all our sakes, especially at a time like this. “I won’t criticise anybody at this time for doing their job. It was extremely challenging for me at 62 to be confronted by a panel like that of very strong young men. It was not an easy thing but we went through it. “I issued a statement about three or four days ago expressing my concern about some reports in the media that suggested that Atiku Abubakar had some meetings with some generals in the Nigerian military. “Based on that, I now asked questions about what he was doing and I suggest that it was possible, if true, that the most important thing is that there is a wider script, a hidden agenda.” READ ALSO: I’m Not Like Emefiele, Atiku – Says Fani-Kayode, Vows To Honour DSS Invitation Over Coup Allegation A sober Fani-Kayode said the worst place to be was to appear before the DSS, saying he didn’t not even wished that for his worst enemy. He said he was told that while an unknown online medium carried the story, his tweet gave prominence to the news, because his tweet would have been read by several people across the globe. The party chieftain said the secret police had a lot of information about him before he got there, and admitted that though they grilled thoroughly, they were however polite, professional and not biased in any way. “I have nothing to hide. And though it was very difficult. I have been interrogated by many security agencies, the police, EFCC for the last 15 years, I’ve been incarcerated, I’ve been in and out also, I’ve seen all sorts, but let me tell you, the place anybody doesn’t really want to go, I would suggest it’s probably the DSS. It’s a very, very challenging place to have to go. But I thank God that it went well,” he said. On the statement issued by the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) that he wasn’t working alone, Fani-Kayode said whatever the main opposition party was insinuating meant nothing. According to him, “Now my response to that is this. And I hope some of you are familiar with Shakespeare because I love Shakespeare’s responses. This is a tale told by an idiot, full of furry and sound, signifying absolutely nothing.” Fani-Kayode, who stressed that the was not in charge of security and could not dictate anything, added that, “If anybody should be investigated, arrested, prosecuted and jailed, it should be their presidential candidate. Why? Because he confessed in a tape, which we all heard, speaking about how he defrauded the whole country and stole public funds through SPVs. “We’ve discussed this before. So before any of them will cast aspersions against any of us, whether our candidates, our media directors, our party or any of our party leaders, let Atiku come and explain this SPVs and let him subject himself to investigation just as I have done and let others that have refused to go to the DSS, when they were called in, let them show a bit of courage. You know who these people are; I don’t want to mention names.” 