Ahead of the general election, the National Association of Nigerian Students on Monday said its preferred presidential candidate will be disclosed on Thursday. The national student body said it would be engaging the presidential candidates in a town hall meeting in Abuja after which one of them would be endorsed. The group said it was not interested in money from any candidate but searching for the right candidate with capacity and desire to fix the challenges facing the country’s education sector. This was disclosed by the NANS National Publicity Officer, Giwa Temitope, in an interview with our correspondent on Monday. He said, “We all know that NANS is the apex body of all student organisation in Nigeria both home and abroad. In view of the forthcoming presidential election, NANS is set to endorse its candidate after a proper consultation with all Students Union Presidents, indigenous associations, Joint Campus Committees of the students’ body, and the Diasporan student leaders. “Recall that a committee was set up last year to interface with all the presidential candidates; the APC, PDP, Labour Party and the others. We have reached a conclusion and we will be having a town hall meeting on Thursday and we have already invited all the candidates to have an interactive session with them to know who has our love at heart, has the desire to fix the education sector, health sector and all sectors in Nigeria that is not working at the moment. READ MORE: Elections: VCs, ASUU, ASUP, NANS Disagree As FG Shuts Universities “After the interaction with the candidates, we will be endorsing the candidate that we believe will take Nigeria to a greater height. Speaking further, the NANS spokesman said, “Any other endorsement by anyone using the name of student association is fake, null and void. Anyone who endorses any candidate in the name of NANS on or before February 23 is fraudulent and should be arrested. “We don’t need any candidate’s money; we need a candidate who will love the masses and make a great difference.”