 Oluwadarasimi Omoseyin, a 31-year-old actress who sprayed naira notes at a public event, has been remanded in Kirikiri Correctional Center by Justice Chukwujekwu Aneke of the Federal High Court in Ikoyi, Lagos, pending the outcome of her bail application. The actress was apprehended by operatives of the Independent Corrupt Practices and Other Fraud Related Offences Commission (ICPC) on Wednesday, February 1, 2023, along Awolowo Road, Ikoyi, Lagos. The ICPC, however, handed her over to the Economic Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) for proper investigation. READ ALSO: ICPC Arrests Twitter User Selling New Naira Notes Omoseyin was arraigned on Monday by the EFCC before the court on a two-count charge. One of the counts reads, “That you, Oluwadarasimi Omoseyin on the 28th day of January 2023 at Monarch Event Centre, Lekki within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court whilst dancing during a social occasion tampered with the sum of N100, 000.00 issued by the Central Bank of Nigeria by spraying same in the said occasion and you thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under Section 21 (1) of the Central Bank Act, 2007. The second reads, “That you, Oluwadarasimi Omoseyin on the 28th day of January 2023 at Monarch Event Centre, Lekki within the jurisdiction of this Honourable Court whilst dancing during a social occasion tampered with the sum of N100, 000.00 issued by the Central Bank of Nigeria by dancing on same in the said occasion and you thereby committed an offence contrary to and punishable under section 21 (1) of the Central Bank Act, 2007. The actress, however, pleaded not guilty to the offence. The prosecution counsel, Sulaiman Sulaiman demanded the court for a trial date, imploring that the defendant be remanded in the appropriate correctional facility. The counsel to the defendant, Adenike Goncalves in her response requested the court to accept the defendant to bail until the hearing and determination of the case. She also requested that her client be remanded in the custody of the EFCC pending the perfection of the bail terms if so granted by the court.