As the general elections draw near, the National Broadcasting Commission (NBC) has cautioned broadcast stations not to allow politicians use their platform to promote divisive remarks, hate speech or derogatory comments, else they face sanction. Director General of the NBC, Balarabe Shehu Ilelah in an issued statement said it has been observed how politicians who use broadcast platforms throw ethics and ethos in the wind. The statement read, “The National Broadcasting Commission wish to, again, remind all broadcasters covering the forthcoming general elections to take note of the provisions of the Nigeria Broadcasting Code, and other relevant regulations guiding the broadcast of Elections in Nigeria. “The Commission has observed, with deep concerns, how ethics and ethos have been thrown to the winds by Politicians, using Broadcast Media platforms. READ ALSO: NBC Bars Broadcast Stations From Reporting ‘Details’ Of Terror Attacks, Naming Victims “This is against the provisions of the Nigeria Broadcasting Code, which provides that in using materials for News and Current Affairs Programmes, the Broadcaster Shall avoid Hate Speech, Inflammatory, Derogatory and Divisive Remarks or Allusions. “The Commission notes that some Station now glamorize these situations on their platforms. The National Broadcasting Commission reiterate that such Station shall pay for their professional Misdemeanor”, the statement said. He said the NBC ACT CAP N11, Laws of the Federation of Nigeria, 2004, also prescribes, in the Third Schedule 12(6) that “A Licensee shall be responsible for the content of the Station’s Broadcast.” “Conclusively, the Commission enjoins all broadcasters to desist from using or allowing their platforms and facilities to be used by politicians, their supporters and/or sympathizers, for the broadcast of contents that may lead to the breakdown of law and order. “Broadcasters are, therefore, expected to perform the role of peace agents by adhering to the principles of responsibility, accuracy and neutrality”, he added.  