Governor of Ondo State, Oluwarotimi Akeredolu, has said the governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele, will be poised to frustrate Nigerians since he was not removed from his position after contesting to be president. Akeredolu who spoke when members of the Youth Directorate of the All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign Council (PCC) led by Seyi Tinubu visited him in Akure, said the naira redesign policy by Emefiele was wrongly timed and had robbed off negatively on the rating of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC). The governor said, “We have a problem we are facing in this country today. Our rating as a party is not that favourable. Let’s not deceive ourselves. Must it be now that we will have this financial policy? “How? Fuel and everything? Things are not easy. This policy is not right at this time. It should be reversed. Reserve it and tell CBN that we are reversing it. Let old and new notes co-exist. “Okada, taxis and banks are not taking old notes again.” Recalling the Supreme Court’s ruling that old naira note  should remain a legal tender until the determination of  a case against the policy,  the governor lamented that “everyone is behaving like there is no injunction.” READ ALSO: Okada Riders Protest New Naira Notes Scarcity In Ondo He said: “We have said that this man (CBN Governor Godwin Emefiele) should be removed when he contested to be President. The man is not fit for that position. A man who attempted to be President will frustrate us at this time.” Akeredolu hailed Seyi Tinubu and his team for embarking on a rigorous campaign for the success of the party. He said the youth would determine the outcome of the Presidential election next week. “Your demographic shows that you occupy a larger percentage. You are the ones that will talk to yourself. “We didn’t waver when we said that the Presidency must come to the South. And when it got to the south, we didn’t waver when we said competence and track record are important. Our choice of Asiwaju(Bola Tinubu) was premised on the informed decision not because we are from the same tribe,” the governor added. Seyi Tinubu who said he was in the State to meet with the youth thanked the governor for all he has been doing “for Ondo and Nigeria. Most especially for young Nigerians and youths in the state. With the work you have done, we know Asiwaju has no worries in Ondo State.” 