The paramount ruler of Iwo, Oluwo Oba Abdurosheed Akanbi, has said he cannot afford N20,000 cash at the moment because of the ongoing new naira policy. The monarch said the naira scarcity in the country had affected the operations of his palace. He made this known in his palace on Tuesday while speaking at this year’s Valentine’s Day celebration for the less privileged. “Nigerians are suffering. As a king, I cannot boast N20,000 cash. If I owe the bank money, it will be accruing interest, but they are holding my money and no interest is given to me. Is that fair? “There was an economic hardship before. Now, the people cannot access their money. It is a despicable act to take money out of the system without bringing another one. It is inhumane. I believe they should change their ways. READ MORE: 2023: Rotate Power To South For Peace – Oluwo Of Iwo Urges Northern leaders “I am closer to the grassroots. It is difficult that you can not give your children money for school. This is not the Nigeria we want,” he said. Recalled that the Special Adviser to the President on Media and Publicity, Femi
Adesina, had in an article titled, “Living on shoestring budget,” said he had been spending N20,000 for one week. The presidential aide explained how he had been surviving despite the new naira scarcity affecting the country. The monarch however disclosed that Nigerians did not show enough love to the less privileged in society, hence, the reason he celebrates them every year. “There is nobody to show the less privileged love. Nigerians are not showing enough love to the underprivileged. They are special people. That is why I extend love to them every year. I do love my wife every day. For the people that don’t see love, we must extend love to them. “I want to let them know that I am not just a King for the rich. I am also a King for the poor and underprivileged. “That is why I visit them in their homes at times. I believe that nobody should be deprived of love. Love is lost in Nigeria and I want the journey to start with me. Nobody else takes that step to return love. I will lead that example as a leader,” he said. He urged the President, Major General Muhammadu Buhari (retd.), to find a lasting solution to the current naira scarcity affecting Nigerians.