Police in Enugu State have arrested and arraigned Chinwendu Nnamani, 41, for selling Permanent Voters Cards (PVCs) to rightful owners, alongside her accomplice. The lady was seen in viral video forcing PVC owners in Emene, Enugu East Local Government Area of the State to pay N1000 to collect their cards. Recall that last month, a video showing the lady collecting money from registered voters before they can collect their PVC surfaced the media space. In the video, she was asked by an elderly woman (a registered voter) when the commission started collecting money for PVC. “I didn’t know that one now has to pay to collect the card, “This is a bad impression to the public, it’s not good,” the elderly woman had said. Resorting to abuse, the lady asked those who weren’t ready to pay to go to the Local Government to collect theirs. “If you don’t want to pay, you go to the local government and collect it,” she said. READ ALSO: INEC Staff Caught On Camera Demanding Payment For PVC Collection In Enugu (VIDEO) Immediately she learnt she was being captured on camera, she said, “if you video me, I will fight it out with you. “Did you pay me for this job. God punish you.” However, the woman, who has been arraigned in court, was arrested with an official of the Independent National Electoral Commission (INEC), Nkiruka Patience Obinna, 38, who gave Nnamani the PVCs to distribute for money. Daniel Ndukwe, the State police spokesman,  announced the latest development in a statement on Thursday. “Police detectives serving in the State CID of Enugu State Command, on 31/01/2023, arrested the female suspect, one Chinwendu Nnamani aged 41, involved in the viral social media video clip, in which she is seen and alleged to be selling INEC Permanent Voter’s Cards (PVCs) at the sum of one thousand naira (N1,000.00), at Emene Enugu.” “Also arrested is one Nkiruka Patience Obinna aged 38, identified as an INEC Staff and alleged to had given the said Cards to the first suspect for distribution to the actual owners. “Investigation has been concluded, the case charged to court, in line with the provisions of the Electoral Act, 2022, and the suspects arraigned accordingly. The suspects were granted bail and the case adjourned to 15/02/2023 for further hearing”.  