 A fatal crash that occurred on Thursday afternoon at Nabardo town along Bauchi – Jos road in Toro Local Government Area of Bauchi State has claimed the lives of 15 people. Seven other people sustained varying degrees of injuries in the crash that was caused by speed violation and dangerous driving. The crash involved two commercial vehicles, a Toyota Hiace Bus with registration number: YLA 984XA belonging to Adamawa Sunshine Transport Corporation which collided with a Howo Trailer with registration number: DKD32 XB belonging to Dangote Company. READ ALSO: Eight Madonna University Students Reportedly Burnt To Death, Others Injured In Road Accident The Sector Commander, Federal Road Safety Corp, Bauchi State, Yusuf Abdullahi, confirmed the incident to our correspondent on Thursday night. He said: “Yes, there was a crash today, Thursday, February 23, 2023. The incident happened at Nabardo town in Toro Local Government Area of Bauchi State. “It involved two vehicles belonging to Adamawa Sunshine and a Dangote Trailer. It occurred at 3.30pm, we were informed at 3.45pm and it took our men eight minutes to get to the scene for a rescue operation. “A total of 22 people, two female adults, 18 male adults, one male child and one female child, were involved in the crash that was caused by speed violation and dangerous driving which led to a loss of control. “Our men evacuated the victims to Abubakar Tafawa Balewa University Teaching Hospital, Bauchi for medical treatment and confirmation. “It was when they got there that a medical doctor confirmed 15 people, 12 male adults, one female adult, the male and female children, dead. Six male adults and one female adult sustained various degrees of injuries.” The FRSC boss stated that all the corpses were deposited at the morgue of the Teaching Hospital after which they would be released to families of the deceased for burial. He explained that the rescue of the victims was done in collaboration with men of the Nigeria Police Force.