 The Federal High Court in Lagos has granted bail to an actress, Oluwadarasimi Omoseyin, who was arraigned before the court on Monday by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) for allegedly spraying new naira notes at a party. The defendant, 31, was alleged to have tampered with a total sum of N100,000 new notes, by spraying and stepping on same during an occasion in the Lekki area of Lagos. She had, however, pleaded not guilty to the charge while the court had adjourned rulling on her bail application untill Wednesday (today). READ ALSO: Court Remands Actress In Kirikiri For Spraying Naira Notes In his ruling on Wednesday, Justice Aneke granted the defendant bail in the sum of N5m with one surety in like sum. Justice Chukwujekwu Aneke who admitted the actress to bail in the sum of N5 million with one surety in like sum also ruled that the surety must be a public servant in the service of the Federation or the Lagos State Government not below the rank of Grade Level 12, or a holder of a genuine statutory certificate of occupancy of a developed landed property within the Lagos State Municipality. The court also held that the Certified True Copy (CTC) of the original statutory certificate of occupancy of the landed property is to be deposited with the Registrar of the court and in the case of the public servant, an official letter from his or her head of department stating the status and salary level of the surety. The surety is to also produce to the court, two copies of his recent passport photograph and evidence of payment of tax. The judge also ordered that the actress be further remanded in the Kirikiri correctional facility pending the perfection of the bail terms, before adjourning the matter till April 3, for trial. In addition, the defendant was ordered to deposit her international passport with the court’s registrar. According to the charge, the defendant was alleged to have committed the offence on January 28 at the Monarch Event Centre in Lekki. The prosecutor, Mr S.I. Sulaiman alleged that the defendant engaged in spraying and trampling on the newly designed naira notes, while dancing at an occasion. The offence contravenes the provisions of Section 21 (1) of the Central Bank Act, 2007. Recall that the defendant was arrested after a viral video of her spraying and stepping on the new notes at a party.