 A High Court sitting in Port Harcourt has convicted and sentenced to death by hanging, two former members of the disbanded Special Anti-Robbery Squad for extra-judicial killing. Recall that five members of the SARS team, ASP Samuel Chigbu, Shedrack Ibibo, Magus Awuri, Ogoligo, and Olisa Emeka were standing trial for killing Michael Akor and Michael Igwe, while in their custody for allegedly stealing recharge cards in Oyigbo, Oyigbo Local Government Area, Rivers State in 2015. But ASP Samuel Chigbu and Ogoligo died in custody at the correctional centre in Port Harcourt, while Shedrack Ibibo, Magus Awuri, and Olisa Emeka continued with the trial. Justice M.O Opara, in her judgement found Shedrack Ibibo and Magus Awuri guilty of conspiracy to murder, while Olisa Emeka was acquitted. Speaking to newsmen after the judgment, the state prosecution council expressed happiness, saying justice has been served. READ ALSO: I Dislike How Youths Were Treated During EndSARS, I’d Apologise If Elected President – Obi She said, “The court found out that they actually were guilty of murdering the two deceased persons. “The court discharged and acquitted Olisa Emeka based on the findings of the court, because the prosecution did not prove his case concerning the last person. “From the judgement, justice has been served to the family of the deceased and that makes me happy. “It will serve as a deterrent hopefully to other police officers and also give some sort of closure to the families of the deceased persons.” The mother to one of those murdered, Kathrine Akoro also expressed happiness over the judgment, saying the policemen would now experience a taste of their own medicine. She said, “They killed my son, carried our property in 2011. My son said I should forgive them, let them go and bring those things they took. “I said if you are carrying all those property, bring my son, I will be okay. I thank God He has fought for me. I am happy. “They said that place is good for anybody that killed innocent souls, sending them by force to the grave. They have already tested it. The remaining one here today, they have tested it.”