The Economic Community of West African States has urged Nigerians to be patriotic on election day. This was contained in a statement on Friday, as the commission commended the efforts of the President Muhammadu Buhari, and the Independent National Electoral Commission to ensure free, fair and credible elections. ECOWAS also advised political parties to accept the results announced by INEC The statement read “On the eve of the historic 2023 General elections, the Commission of the Economic Community of West African States, addresses this solidarity message to the government and people of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. “The ECOWAS Commission is acutely aware of the strategic importance of the 25th February 2023 presidential election to the region and the African continent at large. “The ECOWAS Commission commends His Excellency Muhammadu Buhari, President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, for his unrelenting efforts to ensure smooth, free, fair, transparent and credible elections. READ MORE: ECOWAS Court Declares FG’s Twitter Ban Unlawful “ECOWAS Commission notes the commendable work so far accomplished by the Independent National Electoral Commission, to prepare the electoral machinery for a hitch-free conduct of the polls. “While noting the highly competitive and tense nature of the electoral campaigns, the Commission commends the leaders of all the political parties and their followers for ensuring a relatively peaceful environment for the electoral process. It further commends them for subscribing to the first and second Peace Accord, facilitated by the National Peace Committee. “The Commission however notes the incidents of fake news, disinformation, misinformation and incitement on social media. It urges the political parties and their leaders to caution their followers against any acts or pronouncements liable to endanger the peaceful conduct of the elections. “ECOWAS urges the electorate to conduct themselves with maturity and a sense of patriotism on E-Day. It further urges the security services to secure the environment for peaceful polls, while maintaining their neutrality. “The ECOWAS Commission encourages the political parties and their leaders to accept the eventual outcome of the polls as will be announced by INEC and urges any aggrieved parties to seek redress through laid down rules and regulations governing the electoral process.”