A protest broke out in Abeokuta, Ogun State, on Tuesday, over scarcity of the new naira notes.  The angry Protesters, chanting songs against the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) occupied Aladesanmi, Fajol and Somorin in Obantoko area of the capital city. The demonstrators stormed the streets, burning tyres and vandalized the Sapon branch of First Bank as they intended to set it ablaze.  Abimbola Oyeyemi, the spokesperson of the State’s police command,  confirmed the incident to newsmen, saying officers were on ground to be in control of the situation to prevent vandalisation of property and loss of lives. Oyeyemi revealed a group of boys were behind the protest and that the officers were waiting to confirm the masterminders. READ ALSO: Naira Swap: Bank Staff Scale Fence To Escape From Angry Customers Although the police stormed the locations and dispersed the protesters, they regrouped in numbers as soon as the operatives withdrew from the scene. The incident however affected movement of vehicles as pedestrians and motorists scampered for safety.  Dapo Abiodun, the governor of the State, however, reacted swiftly to the incident via Twitter, urging the residents to remain calm He tweeted, “In view of the current circumstances we have found ourselves, I want to urge our youth to be calm and patient as we are taking measures to ensure that the situation is put under control. ” As your government that is compassionate about the welfare of its people, We suspended our rallies as a means of showing empathy with the people and we have also taken further steps by engaging critical stakeholders in the banking sector, which is not limited to top officials of @cenbank in Ogun State and Bankers’ Committee so as to ameliorate the suffering of our people.  “I hereby urge our youth to continue to exhibit the omoluabi traits we are known for in Ogun State and desist from any act of social unrest or disruption of the peace we currently enjoy in our dear State.” VIDEO: https://twitter.com/dabiodunMFR/status/1622964672155484162?t=vBVjGam_llbvlYrOx6I_rQ&s=19