Bola Ahmed Tinubu, presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), has promised to eliminate terrorists if elected in this month’s general elections. The APC flagbearer also assured the Katsina electorates of his readiness to cater for children and widows of victims of the terrorist attacks in all parts of the country. Tinubu said this on Monday during a campaign rally in Katsina, the home State of President Muhammadu Buhari, where he met residents mourning the death of over 100 civilians killed by terrorists in the last four days. The former Lagos State governor, at the Muhammadu Dikko Stadium, empathised with the victims and their families, promising to deal with the terrorists squarely. He said, “We are bold, courageous and we believe in God. We are better than them, trust us. We will not forget your efforts. This is your government. “We will never allow them to govern you again. Say no to PDP and evils. We will definitely work with Buhari,” he added. President Buhari thanked the Katsina supporters for waiting to welcome the APC campaign team and further urged them to mobilise their families to vote for the Party. He noted his administration had performed well from 2015 to date despite the crash in oil price at the global oil market. Buhari also, condoled with families of the deceased persons, urging people to always report anyone perpetrating crimes to security agencies for action to be taken. Aminu Masari, the governor of the State, further told supporters that there was a slight change in the campaign programmes. READ ALSO: Three Katsina House Of Rep Members Dump APC For PDP According to him, the change was due to terrorists attack in the Bakori Local Government Area (LGA) of the State which led to the death of over 100 innocent persons. “Leadership is not joking, people should focus their attention on good leadership. There is a difference between the light and the darkness. “We have never had government that impacted positively on the lives of citizens like that of Buhari. Over N38 billion has been sent to Katsina State alone in the last six years. “Don’t allow other politicians to play with your intelligence. Don’t listen to them and their fake promises of ending insecurity and hunger. “Tinubu has yesterday donated the sum of N100 million to the victims of bandits attack in Bakori LGA of Katsina State. So, it’s necessary to vote for APC from top to bottom. “We have done what is good for the people, hence people should allow APC to continue,” he noted. Muhammad Sani Ali, in his welcome address, the Katsina APC Chairman, pledged to give massive support to Tinubu, stating that the calibre of supporters is a clear indication that Katsina is for APC. The Party’s national chairman, Abdullahi Adamu, on his part, presented APC flags to the Katsina governorship candidate, Dikko Radda, even as he asked residents in the State to put the deceased in prayers at all times. “What’s before us is to pray for them for God to grant them eternal rest,” he said. Similarly, the chairman, Progressives Governors Forum (PGF) and governor of Kebbi State, Atiku Bagudu, delivered condolences to Buhari and the people of the State over the tragedy.