On-Air-Personality, Kayode Oladotun, popularly known as Do2dtun, has penned down an heart melting note to his two daughters on Valentine’s day. Do2dtun, on his Instagram page on Tuesday, shared photos of himself and his daughters to express his love for them. This comes after his ex-wife, Omotayo, filed for divorce over alleged forced abortion, domestic violence, and emotional abuse in December 2022. He wrote, “LETTER TO MY GIRLS ”Finding the best words in the world to describe my eternal love for my baby girlsBut none best suite this deep-seated affection. “I’ve searched through Homer’s best poems–for a phrase, thought or nuanceStill looking through Shakespeare’s timeless collection of plays, poems, pun and rhymes, neither can there be found strings of word that can fill in the most genuine love of a fatherly love for these two adorable jewels. Feeling teary right now, lol. ”Priceless, they costlier than diamonds, gold and platinum all combined.Thank you, my darling pearls. You are the true light that shines in my darkness —- you guys are the essence of life, family and warmth. READ MORE: “Don’t Take Sides,” OAP Dotun Warns Daddy Freeze Over Brymo, 2face Idibia Clash ”It is because of you both that I am called a proud father. And I thank God for making this so possible. There is no distance that can separate you because in every single breath I take, I hear your sweet voices in my ears. Innocence dignified, beauty extraordinaire, intelligent and talented —- a token of being a Kayode. ”There are no heights that I won’t reach to hold your hands. There are no depths I wouldn’t explore just to show how much I love you guys.”To share in your laughters and read you a bed time story. In your innocent smiles, a sun of solace rises after the darkest nights. ”Thinking of you both, I find strength in my lowest state. You are both the constant rhythm of my heart. My blood runs in your veins. My friends, my ace and awesome gifts from on high. ”You are the perfect ones in my heart, my true valentine gifts from on high.Thank you both for the joys that you bring and ever brought me. Ko easy fun Daddy sugbon Daddy has a Daddy (God) who takes care of him for you. Happy Valentine to my nuggets.”