Some passengers of the Bus Rapid Transit in Lagos State, on Friday, commended the state government for giving them succour as the seven-day 50 per cent fare slash on state-run buses got underway. The passengers spoke with the News Agency of Nigeria in Lagos as Nigerians continued to face the cash and fuel scarcity gripping the country, which necessitated the state government’s action. A passenger who boarded the BRT to Lagos from Costain, Mr Jude Samuel, appreciated Gov. Babajide Sanwo-Olu for giving them relief at the time they needed it most. Samuel said he was happy to pay N200 to CMS instead of N400. Another passenger, Mrs Remi Kuti, said she had wanted to visit her sick brother who resides at Gberigbe in Ikorodu, but was not able to go until now due to the increase in fares. Kuti said the reduction in fare by the government had, however, made her trip possible. A pepper seller, Mrs Adijat Sulaimon, commended Gov. Sanwo-Olu for giving people another opportunity to manage the insufficient circulation of money in the country. She said that the N300 reduction she enjoyed on her fare helped her a great deal and thanked the governor for the support and kind gesture toward Lagos residents. A passenger at Ojota, Mrs Tina Osita, appreciated the government, but called for maintenance of the vehicles and long-term, rather than short-term reduction in fares. A student awaiting university admission, Charles Ebenezer, lauded the government support during the cash crunch period. Mr Ibe Okoro, a passenger, appreciated Sanwo-Olu for pitying the poor people and pleaded for government to consider little reduction after the seven days 50 per cent discount. The governor of Lagos State had, on Wednesday, approved a 50 per cent reduction on Bus Rapid Transit fares. Aside from the BRT, the governor also approved a reduction of fares on other state-owned transport systems. The other transport modes are LAGRIDE taxi scheme, First Mile and Last Mile buses, and Lagos Ferry Services. He said the 50 per cent reduction on all state transport facilities would be in place for the next seven days. READ MORE: Sanwo-Olu Raises LAWMA Workers’ Salaries By 20% “We will push out more Cowrie Cards to enable more Lagosians to get on board our services,” the state government had said.