Five out of the 18 political parties in Nigeria have adopted the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar, barely a week to the 2023 general election. The parties announced their alliance at the grand finale of the PDP’s presidential rally held at the Mahmud Ribadu Square, in Yola, the Adamawa State capital on Saturday. The parties are the Allied Peoples Movement (APM), African Democratic Congress (ADC), National Rescue Movement (NRM), Action Alliance (AA) and Action Peoples Party (APP). Yusuf Dantalle, the national chairman of the APM, who spoke on behalf of the Parties, made the declaration. READ ALSO: ‘I’m Convinced Kwankwaso Will Form Alliance With Atiku Before Polls’ – Bwala Dantalle had on Friday adopted Atiku’s candidacy in place of the only female presidential candidate of the APM, in the 2023 presidential race, Chichi Ojei. Atiku at the rally said, “Let me promise Nigerians that we shall never disappoint you. If you give us your mandate, we promise to live by our promises that we have a united country; that we have a peaceful country; that we have a buoyant economy for our country, have the best education for our children and also, we will devolve powers to states and local governments with corresponding resources.” He appealed saying, “I want to appeal to you to vote for the PDP from top to bottom. Don’t be misled by any propaganda by anybody. This is where the future of our state and country resides in the hands of the PDP. I want to appeal to you to vote for the PDP because I know you have never failed us. “Today is the final day of our rally all over the country, I want to use this opportunity not only to address the people of Adamawa State but the entire country. I want to thank Nigerians in the 36 states of the federation who have come out in the last six months, to show solidarity and to show support to our party and myself.” Reiterating his commitment to the five policy agenda of his campaign he said, “I want to reiterate to the commitment of those key points. Adamawa State; you know this is an abundant opportunity for you if you elect the PDP to the presidency; if you elect the PDP to continue to govern the state. I don’t have to tell you what I can do for Adamawa, you know this and Nigeria in general. You know me I live by my words and commitment.”