 The All Progressives Congress Presidential Campaign Council (APC PCC) on Wednesday frowned at a new invitation by the Police to its Director of New Media, Chief Femi Fani-Kayode over a matter currently under investigation by the Department of State Services (DSS). This is coming on the heels of a surprise invitation to the PCC director of new media by the police on Tuesday. Fani-Kayode was grilled by the DSS for five hours over a series of tweets he made on Saturday, alleging that some high-ranking military officers were cooking something with the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party, Atiku Abubakar. The APC PCC Director of Media and Publicity, Bayo Onanuga in a statement in Abuja asked the Police to allow DSS to complete its work and leave the former Minister alone. READ ALSO: Apply Restraint In Public Utterances — DSS Warns Political Parties, Speaks More On Fani-Kayode’s Invite The statement reads: “Despite the well-publicized invitation of Chief Femi Fani-Kayode by the DSS and the report that the secret police asked him to return for further investigation today, we were surprised that the police have also jumped into the same matter. “On Tuesday the AIG Federal Investigation Bureau also invited Fani-Kayode for questioning. The APC-PCC is concerned about the latest invitation by another security agency, just some 10 days to the election when he is most needed as our director of New Media. “While we are not questioning the authority of the police to invite our official, we want the police to be mindful that the truth they seek to find is already being pursued by the DSS. “They should allow the DSS to complete its investigation.” Onanuga recalled that Fani-Kayode upon his first interview by the DSS, described the agency as “very professional”, in the way the operatives grilled him on a tweet accusing one of the opposition leaders of cooking something with the military authorities. “The DSS at the meeting made it clear to him that the basis of his tweet, a newspaper report, was not correct. “Fani-Kayode will have another round of grilling by the DSS today.” The campaign council demanded that the police should allow the investigation to go its full course so that they do not open themselves to suspicions that they were implementing an agenda scripted by the opposition. It maintained ”Chief Fani-Kayode is a respected Nigerian and had served his country as minister of aviation. He will be available any time to answer for his actions.”