 Four serial cable vandals have been apprehended by the Jigawa State Command of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) in Babura Local Government Area of the state. The spokesperson of the command, CSC Adamu Shehu, who made this known in a statement on Tuesday, 14th February, 2023, said 70 meters of 16mm 4 core streetlight armoured cable valued at N630,000 were recovered from the suspects. ”Four suspects namely, Yahaya Rabiu ‘m’ aged 20, Rabilu Alto ‘m’, Haruna Mustapha ‘m’ and Ibrahim Isa ‘m’, both 18yrs from Tsohon Kafi, Kazaure LGA were apprehended by operatives of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps, in Babura Local Government Area on a suspected case of conspiracy, vandalization and theft” the statement read. READ ALSO: Bayelsa Police Warn Hoodlums Against Vandalisation Of Banks, ATMs “The suspects were arrested on Thursday, 9th of February, 2023 at about 6:00am upon receipt of a distress call at the NSCDC Divisional office by a good Samaritan living in the area who sighted the suspects at about 2:30am while commiting the crime. “They were later arrested in collaboration with the residents living in the area at about 6:00am while harbouring around the surrounding bushes. At the time of their arrest, they were in possession of 70 meters of 16mm 4 core streetlight armoured cable which they conspired, vandalized and stole along Titin Tanda Street, Akula Quarters, Babura LGA belonging to Jigawa State Ministry of Works and Transport. Their actions put the whole area into darkness. The value of the armoured cable is put at about N630,000 with each meter selling for N9,000. “Investigation revealed that the suspects masterminded their evil plan from Kazaure where they boarded a taxi on Wednesday, 8th day of February, 2023 to Babura LGA with the sole intent to steal the armoured cable, where they arrived the town at around 3:00pm, surveyed the area and then waited until darkness sets in. “Investigation is ongoing to ascertain whether the suspects have a hand in the recent vandalisation and theft of armoured cables at various water plants and streetlights in both Kazaure, Maigatari and Sule Tankarkar LGAs. “The offences (vandalisation, conspiracy and theft) are contrary and punishable under section 1(9) of the miscellaneous offences act, section 96 and 97 of the penal code and section 286 and 287 of the penal code law. Suspects will be charged to court after thorough investigation. “Meanwhile, the State Commandant, Musa Alhaji Malah (CC), enjoined residents to be vigilant and report acts of vandalisation and any form of crime and criminality to the nearest NSCDC office.”