The speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, has attributed the current hardship occasioned by petrol and naira scarcity to “elements” bent on disrupting the victory of the All Progressives Congress presidential candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu at the February 25 election. Gbajabiamila who stated this in Lagos on Tuesday during the launching of the second phase of a transport initiative called ‘Gbaja Ride’ for his Surulere constituents, said the hardship was masterminded by the activities of saboteurs in the country, adding it was also meant to derail the successes of President Muhammadu Buhari. The Speaker’s submission is in tandem with that of the former Aviation Minister, Femi Fani-Kayode, who described the naira redesign policy as a satanic plot targeted at the former Lagos State governor. He said, “As your representative and speaker, I have a good understanding of the current hardships and discomfort being faced by many Nigerians, without exception to my constituents,” Gbajabiamila explained. READ ALSO: I Would’ve Signed Warrant For Emefiele’s Arrest – Gbajabiamila Expresses Regret “The lower legislative chamber under my leadership has been on the side of the people, working tirelessly to rescue them from these difficulties. I am glad that the judiciary has also confirmed our position on the implementation of the policy of naira redesign.” He explained that the new naira banknotes policy was a well-thought-out one, which had unfortunately been hijacked and politicised. According to him, the plot seemed to be failing as Nigerians still keep faith with the APC and Mr Tinubu despite the chaos following the naira scarcity. “Nobody can convince me that it is not a plot to stop Asiwaju from becoming the president of this country. But I am glad that our God is a wonderful being as the plot these people sat together to hatch, he has intervened. “I have followed the campaign team to the East, North and everywhere with Asiwaju, and I doff my hat for Nigerians.” 