 The Ooni of Ife, Oba Adeyeye Enitan Ogunwusi, has made his acting debut in the movie ‘Take Me Home,’ which is being produced in Hollywood. The traditional Yoruba monarch reportedly played a one-of-a-kind role befitting his throne as the custodian of Yoruba culture. In an interview with The Punch, popular filmmaker and director Dotun Taylor explained that he chose to include the Ooni of Ife because the film was about Yoruba culture. According to Taylor, the film’s goal is to refocus attention on the repatriation of Yoruba arts and artifacts that are scattered around the world. READ ALSO: Ooni Of Ife Calls For End To Human Trafficking The film director explained why he chose to shoot a Yoruba film in the United States of America, saying that the country is the filmmaking capital of the world and that the experience was incredible. He said, “Ooni is the progenitor of all Yorubas, and such a character appears in the story, so we approached the king. He is our father, and his involvement in the movie is to strengthen the message. “The aim of the film is to draw renewed attention to the repatriation of Yoruba arts and artefacts that are scattered all over the world. In every part of the world, there are various properties belong to the Yorubas. They may be called ‘art’, but they also possess spiritual energies, which are desperately crying to be returned to their source. “Hollywood is not exaggerated. It is the world’s filmmaking capital and the experience was awesome. It is a wonderful new frontier. “Again, this is my heritage, my pride and essence. I am first a Yoruba man before any other thing. I am a Yoruba culture ambassador as well, so this is just me doing my job.” ‘Take Me Home’ tells the story of an American family who becomes trapped when their daughter becomes possessed (spiritually) after wearing an African masquerade costume stolen from Ile Ife, Osun State, Nigeria. Lateef Adedimeji and Bayo Bankole star in the film, as do Hollywood actors Dave Sheridan, Amber Rivette, and Felissa Rose.