Mason Greenwood will continue to be excluded from FIFA 23 following the news that his charges of attempted rape and assault have been dropped. It was revealed on Thursday that the Crown Prosecution Service had dropped all charges, which also included controlling and coercive behaviour, against the Manchester United star. It came just over a year after the forward was initially arrested, and now the 21-year-old is waiting to hear on the outcome of United’s own internal investigation into the matter. READ MORE: Mason Greenwood Attempted Rape Charges Dropped Greenwood has been absent from the FIFA series since he was removed from active squads and suspended from appearing in Ultimate Team (FUT) packs and Ultimate Draft in last year’s edition following his arrest. He will continue to be excluded for the time being, though EA Sports, who publish the popular video game series, have declined to comment on the situation. Greenwood was however available to use on FIFA Ultimate Team in last year’s game, as he remained up for trade in the game mode’s transfer market. Charges were dropped against the 21-year-old following the ‘withdrawal of key witnesses’. He broke his silence after the news as he said: ‘I am relieved that this matter is now over and I would like to thank my family, loved ones and friends for their support. ‘There will be no further comment at this time.’ Manchester United also released a statement saying the club ‘Notes the decision of the Crown Prosecution Service that all charges against Mason Greenwood have been dropped. The club will now conduct its own process before determining next steps. The player, who has been capped once for England, was first held in January 2022 over allegations relating to a young woman, after images and videos were posted online. He was later suspended from United on full pay and removed from FIFA. A CPS spokesperson said: ‘We have a duty to keep cases under continuous review. ‘In this case a combination of the withdrawal of key witnesses and new material that came to light meant there was no longer a realistic prospect of conviction. In these circumstances, we are under a duty to stop the case. ‘We have explained our decision to all parties. ‘We would always encourage any potential victims to come forward and report to police and we will prosecute wherever our legal test is met.’ The charges Greenwood was facing – from November 2018 to October 2021 – all related to the same woman. Meanwhile, Manchester United manager Ten Hag was asked three times about the issue at his lunchtime press briefing today but stuck to his declared intention to say nothing. Ten Hag said: ‘I can’t add nothing. It’s… I refer to the statement of the club.’ Asked if he had spoken to Greenwood and whether he will be part of the investigation United are now in the process of conducting, he said: ‘As I said, in this moment, I can’t give a comment about the process.’ Finally, given that Greenwood was suspended by the club months before Ten Hag even arrived as manager, the Dutchman was asked if he had ever spoken to the player at all. ‘I can’t say anything about it,’ he said. ‘I refer to the statement of the club and at this moment I can’t add anything.’