 Controversial anonymous blog, Gistlover has been commended by Nigerian Police Public Relations Officer (PRO), Prince Olumuyiwa Adejobi for exposing rogue police officers. Gistlover had exposed the activities of CSP Patrick Agbazue, an Anambra-based police officer who is being accused of being a serial killer. The anonymous blog had published a detailed report on the alleged atrocities committed by Agbazue and his team of officers, which include intimidation, extortion, maiming, kidnapping, and murder. READ ALSO: Naira Scarcity Protests: Lagos Police Ordered To Be On Red Alert Gistlover’s report highlighted the shocking nature of the alleged crimes, with victims reportedly being killed for fun and their bodies being deposited in a private morgue. The report also notes that there have been several cases of missing persons in Anambra that are suspected to be linked to Agbazue and his team of officers. The blog explained that Agbazue and his team are reportedly worse than their infamous predecessor, James Nwafor, who was accused of similar crimes during his tenure as head of the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (SARS) in Anambra. Gistlover then called on the authorities to take action and investigate the allegations, urging members of the public to speak out and put pressure on the police to act. Reacting to it, the Police PRO commended the blog for helping them fish out the officers, responsible for extra judicial killings. Taking to the micro-blogging platform, Prince Olumuyiwa revealed that Gistlover’s revelation was an eyeopener for them at the FHA. Offering a position to Gistlover, he admonished the blog to work with him to fish out more perpetrators. “Good day. We really want to appreciate Nigerians, most especially @Gistloverblog1 for the efforts put together to call out attention to the allegations and incidences in Anambra. I can confirm to you for free that the IGP has personally waded into the matter, set up a strong panel to investigate the case and report within 2 weeks. The team will demand more credible evidence to guide their investigation and report. Pls, be free to assist and relate with the officers. “In particular, Gistlover is urged to relate with me if he/she doesn’t want to relate with the team because of his or her style of journalism. While the investigation lasts, we will take some steps to sanitize the RRS office in ANS and other similar outfits alike. “We want to assure you all that diligent investigation will be done by the guru panel. Be assured that we will be updating you on a regular basis. Thanks for keeping watch on us, and we hope we have that Police Institution we all deserve in Nigeria. Ire o.” See post below:  