 A 40-year-old farmer, Akinola Akinnibinu has been reportedly killed by some suspected kidnappers in his farm at Oko Oparun Village in Ondo East Local Government Area of Ondo State. The suspected bandits allegedly killed the deceased following the failure of the farmer’s wife to provide the ransom of N700,000 demanded by the abductors. According to a source who spoke to The Punch, the victim went to his cocoa farm on the fateful day to harvest and he put a call to his wife, Mrs Akinnbinu directing her to collect N700,000 from POS machine and bring it to the farm. READ ALSO: Rivers Kidnapper Who Murdered Victims, Used Their Intestine To Cook Peppersoup, Bags Death Sentence The source said, “The bandits later called the victim’s wife to send the money to the account number sent to her by them. “As the wife was going there, out of fear, she invited the Amotekun Corps and other villagers to go along with her. But, on getting to the scene of the crime, they did not meet the kidnappers and the husband.” It was gathered that his lifeless body was found on the fourth day sprayed with chemical suspected to be acid inside the farm. Narrating the incident, Mrs Akinnbinu said her husband was kidnapped and killed over the issue of ransom. She said, “My husband left the house in the morning to his farm, he later called me to collect money from the POS near our house. I asked him what he wants to use the money for, he said I should bring it that he will tell me when I get to the farm. “Later, some men used my husband’s number to call me to send the money to an Opay account, they called again that they did not see the money and I told them that I have sent it. “They asked me to come to the farm, because of that, I was scared and I alerted Amotekun and other villagers. As I was coming with people, they called and said since I have alerted people, that ‘I will see’. “On getting to the place, I did not see them and we left, not until yesterday when villagers called that they saw dead body that was covered with bamboo leaves and there was chemical all over the body. It was my husband’s body.” Confirming the incident, the State Police Public Relations Officer, Mrs Funmilayo Odunlami said investigation has commenced into the matter. “It happened some days ago and we have commenced investigation into it,” the PPRO stated.