The Department of State Services (DSS) has said the former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode, will appear before the agency for more questioning. The DSS also cautioned political parties and their media handlers on their utterances prior to the forthcoming elections. Recall that Fani-Kayode, the Director of New Media Operations and Special Projects of the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential campaign council, was on Monday detained and grilled by the DSS over a coup allegation he made on Twitter. Peter Afunanya, the Public Relations Officer of DSS, disclosed in a statement on Tuesday, that the agency invited Fani-Kayode for questioning based on an investigation it is carrying out relating to issues relevant to National Security. According to the secret police, Fani-Kayode was made to face a panel which interviewed him on the subject matter before granting him administrative bail. READ ALSO: DSS Confirms Fani-Kayode In Custody Over Comment On Alleged Coup Plan He noted the former minister had been directed to make routine returns to the DSS with effect from Wednesday till otherwise while his investigation continues, warning political parties and their media managers to apply restraint in their utterances and public communication engagements prior to and after the general elections. Afunanya said, “The Department of State Services hereby informs the public that it invited Chief Femi Fani-Kayode to its National Headquarters, Abuja, on 13th February, 2023. The invitation was in respect of an investigation of some of his allegations and insinuations relating to issues relevant to​ National Security. “Chief Fani-Kayode faced a Panel which interviewed him on the subject matter. Afterwards, the Service granted him administrative bail and directed that he makes routine returns to the Office with effect from Wednesday, 15th February, 2023 till otherwise. The investigation, however, continues. “Meanwhile, political parties and their media managers are advised to apply restraint in their utterances and public communication engagements prior to and after the general elections. This is to avoid heating up the polity and evoking tendencies that could lead to violent reactions as well as undermine peace and order.” 