 Ogechi Okoroafor, a 28-year-old graduating student of the Federal Polytechnic, Nekede, has revealed that she is getting depressed over the controversy trailing her recent statement. Okoroafor came under fire when she put out a video claiming she graduated with the help of God and her private parts. The institution condemned the act while many others also berated her. “This is to inform the general public that the Management of Federal Polytechnic Nekede, Owerri, has begun full investigations into the identity of the student who gloated on Tiktok about how she graduated with the help of God and her private organ,” the institution had said. READ ALSO: Federal Polytechnic Nekede To Investigate Graduating Student Who Credited Her Graduation To ‘God’, ‘Private Part’ But addressing journalists in Owerri on Friday, the student said her remark was a “slip of tongue”. “I couldn’t have meant it when I said God and my p**sy. Who can have such nerve to say that? It was a slip of tongue. I meant to say God and my Popsy, my father,” she said. “You know when you are excited for overcoming school stress as a graduate. I was appreciating God and my father who is so fond of me and had supported me throughout my stay in Polynekede. Asked if she had been summoned by the school management, she said, “I appeared before the Disciplinary Panel earlier this week. The video was played to me ad I was asked to react. I told them it was a mistake and a slip-of-tongue. I pleaded for forgiveness. They saw how remorseful I was and believed it was a mistake. “I pray not to resit my exams as a disciplinary measure because it’s going to be a big task to me. It is not easy to pass through this stress again. I have appealed to the management to forgive me and set me free. “I am ready to undergo any corporal punishment to show them how remorseful I am. Even it means sweeping the school compound for weeks. If I’m a wayward student, I wouldn’t have made a Cumulative Grade Point Average of 2.8 in my ND program. “I just pray that the school will forgive me. I know I messed up and everyone is free to condemn me but let it be known that I a genuinely remorseful. “Seeking legal redress will worsen the whole thing. I won’t even thing of that. It will imply that my apology is not genuine. I hope to be forgiven. “I am from a responsible home in Umueze Umuhu community in Ngor Okpala LGA of Imo state. My parents are alive but not too strong health wise. My mother has issues with her knees that affected her walking. They are not yet aware of the situation because they stay in the village. “I sincerely regret this whole drama. I didn’t know it would get to this extent. I am really going into depression. My name is flying around for the wrong reasons. So said I intentionally did the video just be popular. This is not true. I wouldn’t want to be known for the negative reasons. I just pray to get over this soon.”