 Lagos State Governor, Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has said that vulnerable Lagosians that are highly impacted by the current naira and fuel scarcity will be given food to lessen the hardship currently witnessed by them. Sanwo-Olu said this on Saturday during a live conference on the crises resulting in chaos across the country. He said, “First, let me thank you the good people of Lagos for your patience and unwavering perseverance even in these challenging times. “This is a heartfelt call to you, as your Governor, to please remain calm at this time, and avoid all forms of violence, arson and rioting. Even in the face of the difficulties and frustrations being faced by all, violence and destruction should not and will never be the answer.” Reacting to the extortion from Point of Sales agents and operators, Sanwo-Olu stressed, “We have noticed with dismay the rampant incidents surrounding some of the players in the financial services value chain (POS Agents/Operators) as well as petrol station attendants who have taken the current challenges to mean an opportunity to extort hard working and law abiding Lagosians with extortionate service charges on funds withdrawal and sale of Premium Motor Spirit.” He appealed to Lagosians to be law-abiding as solutions are sought to lessen the hardship and warned law-breakers to desist from taking the law into their hands. READ ALSO: Sanwo-Olu Okays 50% Reduction On BRT Fares, Others “To my good people of Lagos, please resist the opportunists who seek to take advantage of the anger and frustration that you all are feeling to hijack the situation and foment trouble. “We know that there are unscrupulous persons who want to sow seeds of violence and discord through their very utterances and actions, all with the view of robbing you of the chance to cast your votes in the February 25 Presidential and National Assembly elections. “Do not allow them to use you to achieve their evil intentions. “There is no justification whatsoever for attacking public or private property. The law enforcement agents have received clear instructions to take full control and ensure zero tolerance for any and all acts of arson, violence and destruction. “I enjoin all law-abiding Lagosians to carry out their lawful activities without fear.” Sanwo-Olu maintained that his administration fully understands the challenges that Lagosians are faced with, with regard to access to cash, adding, “we are working very hard to provide palliative measures to lessen the burdens being faced. “We have also since commenced the distribution of food packs, to the most vulnerable citizens, the people most impacted by this disruption in the supply of cash. “We will continue to highlight more vulnerable groups within our distribution channels who would benefit from the palliatives,” he added. He, however, urged them to remain calm while the rollout of the palliatives is put in place. Reacting to the possibility of fare increment, Sanwo-Olu said they are in discussion with private transport operators to regulate fares bearing the difficult circumstances in which Lagosians have found themselves.