 Mrs. Chigbewejim Steward, a mother of two, was abducted from her community in Abarikpo in Ahoada East Local Government Area of Rivers State by suspected members of a notorious cult group, who then gang-raped her to death. The suspected cult members allegedly belonging to the Iceland cult were said to have abducted the woman and wife of a pastor in the wee hours of Sunday and a few hours later reportedly gang-raped her to death. It was gathered that her lifeless body was found at about 10am in the community with multiple injuries and blood stains in her private parts. Speaking to newsmen, the deceased’s husband, Pastor Lawyer Steward, confirmed the incident, saying he was informed that a known cultist accused his wife of always gossiping with his name. Steward stated, “I am the husband of Chigbejim, who was murdered yesterday by a group of boys. After raping her, they murdered her.” READ ALSO: Doctor Narrates How Hoodlums Allegedly Gang Raped 20-Year-Old Lady In Uncompleted Building Asked if he had problems with anyone prior to the incident, the cleric said he was neither a cultist nor had issues with anyone. “I am not a cultist; I am an Assistant Pastor in charge of Evangelism in the Seventh Day Adventist Church Abarikpo. Everybody in my community knows I am not a cultist. “She gave birth to three children, one is late. My daughter is seven, while the little one, a boy, is three years’ old. “One boy, Sunday, a cultist, claimed he slaughtered my wife because she gossiped and spoke against him. That people told him my wife always spoke against him. “That is the reason he murdered her. He is a cultist,” said the distraught man. He revealed that the Ahoada Divisional Police Officer visited the scene on Sunday evening. Steward called on the law enforcement agencies and the government to apprehend the perpetrators and make them to face justice. “I am calling on the government to help me find those boys that kidnapped my wife, raped and murdered her. “Let the government and the police help to arrest them and make them pay for what they did to my wife,” the cleric stated. The Public Relations Officer of Igbu Akoh Clan Youth Congress, Ahoada East LGA, Ekeakita Chinem, also confirmed the incident, saying the community had been experiencing a series of killings in recent times. “So, like we have been having a series of killings in Akoh. When they kill, nobody goes after the bad boys. No security person goes after the bad boys. “Mrs Steward was kidnapped around 1am. Only for us to find out around 10am this morning that she was lifeless after being raped. “She had bruises in her private parts, especially on her thighs. There was blood all over her body too. “So, people are living in fear, nervous that no political leader or government agency goes after them. You report or don’t report, what will happen,” he said.