 Yunusa Tanko, the chief spokesperson for the Obi-Dati presidential campaign committee, has slammed the ruling All Progressives Congress for playing the victim while voters are aware they are to blame for the political unrest raging around the nation. Tanko’s scathing remark was a reaction to the accusation by the Chief Spokesman for APC presidential campaign council, Festus Keyamo, that the Labour Party and its Peoples Democratic Party counterpart are heating up the polity with unflattering comments. Keyamo said that the PCC has observed some subtle threats of violence coming from the camps of the opposition parties as the results of Saturday’s presidential and National Assembly poll started trickling in. READ ALSO: 2023 Poll: INEC Opens Collation Centre In Abuja, Awaits Arrival Of State Results The accusation and counter-accusation are coming in the wake of reports that the elections were marred by violence in many parts of the country, a situation that also led to the loss of lives and disruption of the voting process. In some areas, the Independent National Electoral Commission was forced to postpone the elections till today (Sunday) over violence. But a livid Tanko told The Punch that it was unfortunate that the APC has developed a habit of spinning propaganda after unleashing its reign of terror to make Nigerians see them as the victim. He said, “I think we should always be careful with all the statements coming from the APC. They are ready to really set this country aflame. The truth about it is that they are attacking, maiming and, at the same time, sending propaganda to pin it on someone else. “This is unacceptable. What they are doing is dirty politicking and Nigerians should hold the APC leadership for anything that happens in this country. They are setting this country into a state of anarchy. “We have it on authority that they are already to manipulate the system and make the announcement of their candidate as the winner while muzzling INEC. But the Nigerian people will reject this position because we are very firm and assured about the voting pattern that took place, leading to Nigerians voting overwhelmingly for Peter Obi. “Anything that negates this particular position will definitely be challenged in a court of law because we are democrats. The APC should not threaten us by telling Nigerians lies. “They are the ones actually perpetuating the crime, encouraging, financing, and executing it. These are parts of what we have seen so far in this contest. The APC should not attempt to deceive anybody. They are not working in the interest of Nigerians.”