 Founder and president of Omega Fire Ministries, Apostle Johnson Suleman on Sunday declared that he and his household will be casting their vote for the presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP) come Saturday’s presidential election. The renowned clergyman who revealed that every of his family members and pastors are all Obidients (a nickname for supporters of Peter Obi) was cheered by his congregation after he made the utterance. READ ALSO: Bishop Oyedepo Warns Nigerians Against Voting For A Particular Candidate Few Days To Election Speaking on how Nigerians have been battling with the scarcity of new naira notes, Apostle Suleman argues that Nigerians are only victims of two fightings. He explained his position using a parable he claimed he heard the story from a ‘madman’. “All of them (political parties) came together to chase out one man, they collapsed their structure and gave it to one man, they sponsored him with money that they kept at home, they didn’t take the money from the bank, it was at home they kept it, they sponsored him and on an inaugural day, the first thing the man said was that I am for everybody and I am for no one. That should have told them that this is not a reliable person, this is an ingrate, all of them came together again and supported him a second time, not knowing that this person never had them in mind. “How the person came back and the first thing he said he wants is that they don’t want vote buying, for people to agree to sell their vote it was because you made them poor… You know who you’re targetting why drag all of us into your fight? Some governors are now crying that the policy is harsh on Nigerians. They’re saying we should obey the rule of law, did they obey the court when the Supreme Court ruled that Nnamdi Kanu should be released?” “Don’t plan your political life around someone who is ungrateful, he will retire you. In Omega Fire Ministries, God has blessed us, no matter the economy of the forest, a Lion cannot eat grass… use this anger to vote against this wickedness. My wife, myself, and children we’re fully Obidients, we’re not those who make noise on social media, we work in the background, and we are fully in support… if you like vote insecurity, tribalism, bigotry, or ethnicity.”