Sadiq Abubakar, the Commissioner of Police (CP), Federal Capital Territory (FCT) Command, has made a recommendation to the Inspector-General of Police, Usman Baba, to dismiss a police officer, Inspector Musa Audu. Audu will be facing an orderly room trial for handing over his rifle to the presiding pastor, House on the Rock, Abuja chapter, Uche Aigbe, on Sunday. Audu and Pastor Aigbe have also been detained by the Intelligence Response Team, Force Intelligence Bureau, Garki, Abuja, on Monday. The cleric had caused a stir on Sunday when he mounted the pulpit carrying an AK 47 rifle during the second service, which frequently has a high turnout of the congregation who came from different parts of the FCT. Waving the gun, members of the congregation exchanged glances trying to understand what was happening. The congregants, not knowing if the gun he brandished was loaded or not, watched pastor Aigbe walk up to the lectern. Aware of the tension his action had created, without looking at his worshippers, he made attempt to open his Bible, looked up and said teasingly, “Some people are looking for my trouble. And I came here prepared. “Today, there are some pastors with gift of divination who go about ripping people. This is why we should carry our ‘guns’ and defend ourselves. I will particularly be coming very soon for some of you sleeping in the church.” The comment threw the congregation into a fit of laughter as he continued preaching on “Guarding your hearts from false teachers” and “faith without work is dead.” However, sources that spoke to Punch under anonymity on Monday said the police swung into action following the news on Sunday. “We got the report at about 10:50 pm on Sunday on PUNCH Newspaper’s online publication that Pastor Uche Aigbe of the House on the Rock Church mounted the pulpit with an AK 47 rifle. READ ALSO: Police Probe Abuja Pastor Who Mounted Pulpit With AK-47 “Our discrete investigation later revealed that a police officer, Inspector Musa Audu, while on church duty on the same day had released his rifle to the pastor without permission.” A source said. Another further confirmed that the officer had been detained and would be facing orderly trial. “The Inspector has been arrested. When he was questioned, he noted that he gave the gun to the pastor for demonstration purposes during church service. “Audu has now been detained alongside the pastor. But the FCT CP has submitted a recommendation to the IG for Audu’s dismissal, and he will be facing an orderly room trial soon.” Meanwhile, sources within the church revealed that the founder, Pastor Paul Adefarasin, has not been happy with Aigbe concerning the situation, adding that Aigbe may likely be transferred out of Abuja. The FCT Police Public Relations Officer (PRO), Josephine Adeh, when contacted said she would get back concerning the progress of the case. “We’re on the case, I’ll get back to you on our progress soon,” Adeh said. Meanwhile, the Force PRO, Olumuyiwa Adejobi, who tweeted on Sunday and Monday, said the police had commenced an investigation into the incident, adding that the Inspector General of Police had ordered the CP, FCT to handle the case. “We have requested the video of the service to hear what the pastor was saying. How did he get the gun, maybe from a security agent. He has been invited by the CP FCT. The IGP has ordered the CP to handle it and revert, so that Nigerians will know what transpired. Thanks,” Adejobi tweeted on Monday. On Sunday, he said, “If it’s true, the pastor will have a case to answer. AK47?? It falls under prohibited firearms in Nigeria, and no one bears it except an officer of the law, and not all of them have the right, only selected security operatives, but no individual has the right to bear it.”