Former Minister of Aviation, Femi Fani-Kayode has commended the Nigerian Army for denying reports about a meeting between its officers and the presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Atiku Abubakar. Fani-Kayode had alleged in a publication that Atiku and top military personnel secretly met ahead of the forthcoming general elections. According to him, the meeting was targeted at disrupting the general polls and swinging votes in favour of the former Vice President. However, in a swift reaction, the acting director of Defence Information, Tukur Gusau, criticized the report credited to the former Aviation Minister, denying that the military was never involved in such a meeting. Following the denial, the chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in a series of tweets via his Twitter handle on Sunday, expressed gladness that the Nigerian military denied such meeting, stressing that if the reported meeting was true, it would have been troubling. He further commended the military for their commitment to democracy. The former minister also said the fact they can respond quickly when concerns are raised is encouraging and proves that they are responsive and responsible. READ ALSO: Election: “We’ll Expose Atiku For What He Is” – Fani-Kayode Condemns PDP’s Suit Seeking Tinubu’s Disqualification Fani-Kayode, however, denied reports that he accused the Nigerian Army or Military High Command as an institution of plotting a coup or meeting with politicians, saying that he only raised questions about some rogue officers who allegedly met with Atiku. He wrote: “Glad that the Army has cleared the air & denied reports about a meeting between officers & @Atiku. Happy that the newspaper report I referred to has proved to be FALSE. As I said, “if true”, it would have been troubling. I commend the Military for their commitment to democracy. “The fact that they can respond so quickly when we raise concerns is encouraging and proves that they are not only responsive and responsible but that we are also on the same page when it comes to civic duties, the rule of law, civilian rule, an open society and democracy. “For the record, at no time did I accuse the Nigerian Army or Military High Command as an institution of plotting a coup or meeting with politicians but rather raised questions about some rogue officers who, according to media reports, allegedly met with Atiku. “Thankfully those reports have been debunked and proved to be unfounded. There is no gain saying that I have implicit confidence in the military and its High Command as an institution and I trust in their commitment to democracy which has been confirmed and proved over the last 24 years since the return of civilian rule in 1999. “I would encourage them to continue to be watchful and alert and to continue their good work by supporting, protecting and sustaining our democracy.”