Governor Aminu Tambuwal of Sokoto State, has accused the presidential candidate of the Labour Party (LP), Peter Obi, of running a campaign based on ethnicity. Tambuwal who is the Director-General of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) Presidential Campaign Council said the LP flag bearer does not have Nigeria’s interest at heart. While speaking at the PDP presidential campaign rally in Yola, Adamawa on Saturday, Tambuwal claimed that LP does not have 170,000 polling agents to work for the victory of the former governor of Anambra state. He asserted that Nigeria cannot afford to entrust its affairs in the hands of any presidential candidate who has not garnered enough experience at the federal level. Unlike other presidential candidates, Tambuwal said, only the PDP’s flag bearer, Atiku Abubakar, has what it takes to lead Nigeria because he is competent and trustworthy. “The argument has been made, issues have been joined and it is clear that only Atiku and Okowa are prepared to lead this country in a united manner. READ ALSO: ‘Vote My Candidate, Help Me Survive Politically’ – Wike Tells Rivers Electorate “Atiku is competent, he has the capacity that we require today. We must not make the mistake of voting for APC again. “I will not talk about Labour because their candidate when he was the governor of Anambra state was not able to conduct one single local government election,” he said. He challenged the LP supporters to state the achievements of their presidential candidate when he served as governor of Anambra State and charged the youths to mobilise their parents and elderly to vote for the PDP standard bearer on February 25. Tambuwal added: “I challenge the Labour people to bring that record where Peter Obi was able to conduct a local government election, so how can he now be attempting to be president of Nigeria when as governor he could not organize local government elections? “He is not democratic enough. In any case, his candidature is tainted by ethnic chauvinism and we know what that will portend for Nigeria. “In any case, his party has not been able to even field enough candidates for national assembly elections. And in any case, they have not been able to muster agents over the 170, 000 polling units.”