Governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State, has slammed Dakuku Peterside, the former Director General (DG) of the Nigerian Maritime Administration and Safety Agency (NIMASA), over his challenge to publicly name his preferred presidential candidate, ahead of the forthcoming election. There has been speculations that the governor who promised to reveal his choice candidate in January would choose between the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate, Bola Tinubu, and Labour Party (LP) flagbearer, Peter Obi. Information Nigeria had reported that Dakuku on Tuesday during the APC rally in Opobo-Nkoro accused Wike of placing personal interest above public interests. Dakuku also added that Wike is not a man of courage as he ought to have publicly revealed his preferred presidential candidate for the February 25 polls. In reaction however, Wike while speaking at the Peoples Democratic Party governorship campaign rally in Port Harcourt on Wednesday reacted  stating that, failure and success are not at the same level. The governor refuted claims that he would publicly announce his preferred candidate saying that residents of the state are already aware of his choice. READ ALSO: Wike Not A Man Of Courage – APC Chieftain Dares G-5 Leader To Name Preferred Presidential Candidate He said: “You have the guts to tell me I should name my presidential candidate. Are we at the same level? Failure and success, are they the same? “Look at the man who is always failing every day. He does not understand the activities of G5. I have told most people who don’t know, G5 that we’re fighting is like guerilla warfare. The more you look, the less you see. “I never told anybody one day, I will bring a camera and announce to you this is who will go. I said I will tell Rivers people the candidate they will support. I did not tell you the method of saying it. I did not tell you I will bring live coverage and say it. But Rivers people know.” The G5 leader made a mockery of Peterside over his defeat in 2015, and 2019 governorship races as well as his failure to secure a second term as DG of NIMASA He said: “Look at this small boy whom I flogged in 2015. I don’t know where they say he comes from – is it Abia or Opobo side, which of the areas? Envy! I flogged him out in 2015. “He has not recovered from that. He thought they would give him a ticket in 2019, but he didn’t get [it]. They sent him to be NIMASA. Ask him, what did he bring for Rivers people? “You have a position, you cannot help your people, and you’re coming out to open your mouth, simply because you didn’t get [the ticket] and they did not give you a second term to be DG of NIMASA.”