A chieftain of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Eze Chukwuemeka Eze, has said governor Nyesom Wike of Rivers State is a coward for failing to make real his vow of publicly declaring his choice of candidate for the 2023 presidential election, adding that any candidate he chooses is doomed. Governor Wike had late last year told the people of Rivers that he would by January make public his choice presidential candidate, vowing to move from State to State campaigning for the candidate. With January gone, there has been no word from the governor revealing the candidate. However, Wike in a rally in Port Harcourt said that he never told the public the method by which he would make his preferred presidential candidate known. As Nigerians await the decision of the G-5 leader, Eze also described the governor as a confused man, in an interview with Daily Post on Wednesday READ ALSO: Wike Not A Man Of Courage – APC Chieftain Dares G-5 Leader To Name Preferred Presidential Candidate According to him, Wike has succeeded exposing himself as lacking in vision and capacity to influence the outcome of the 2023 presidential election. “Governor Nyesom Wike is a confused fellow. First, I earlier stated that Wike doesn’t know the type of politics that Atiku plays and in his ignorance, he thought that Atiku is among those he can undermine but sadly for him he has succeeded to finish his political career so far in the 2023 general elections,” Eze said. “To me, Wike is a coward and has no Presidential Candidate to support; he thought that by his threats, Atiku would succumb to his ploys. “By not naming his preferred candidate by now, he has succeeded in exposing himself. “It is late for him to name or join anybody and if he decides to name any of the presidential candidates, such a candidate is doomed,” he added. Similarly, Shehu Sani, a former Nigerian lawmaker and social critic, said Wike-led G-5 governors are playing hard to get. He said their endorsement of any candidate for the presidential polls would soon become irrelevant as voters might have made up their minds about their preferred candidate.