Chief Whip of the Senate, Orji Uzor Kalu has said the cash crunch caused by the naira redesign policy of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) is taking a toll on his household. Senator Orji in an interview on Channels Television’s election programme, The 2023 Verdict, lamented that his family could not get funds to cook. He said, “You can see the policy is right but I don’t keep money in my house. I am suffering. “The other day, my house manager told my wife in Abuja that we have no money to cook food. My wife was virtually roaming around and we feed over 250 people every day. It is a problem to me and to everybody.” It is no news that the governors of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) are at loggerheads with President Muhammadu Buhari over the policy. READ ALSO: Kwankwaso, Peter Obi Are Working For APC – Orji Kalu The governors had filed a suit against the Federal Government at the Supreme Court which restrained the CBN from effecting the deadline of the old naira notes. Buhari declared that N500 and N1000 notes were no longer legal tender and urged the apex bank to make N200 notes circulate until the eve of the March 11 governorship election. However, Kalu who currently represents Abia North at the National Assembly, in his reaction, asked the president to obey the Supreme Court’s order. “This is why if I am in the position of the Mr President as I have told you before, I will listen to the Supreme Court judgement. The Supreme Court to me, whether they are right or wrong, Mr President should obey the law and ask his Attorney General to put a review to the Supreme Court.” Speaking on the victory chances of Bola Ahmed Tinubu, presidential candidate of the APC in the election, he said Tinubu is well liked by the North and is from the South-West and is going to get votes in the South East. “My governor here, Okezie Ikepazu, will also support Tinubu. My senatorial district is going to give Tinubu the vote. The puncher to give the 34, 35 percent to be on the ballot,” he said. 