The presidential campaign council of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) has asked residents of Kano State to reject the All Progressives Congress (APC) financial offering to buy their votes at the polls. Aminu Tambuwal, the governor of Sokoto State, whike speaking on Thursday at the Party’s rally, accused the APC of “stashing funds” meant to tackle insecurity. “Reject those people. Don’t be deceived by their money. It is the money they are supposed to use to provide security that they stashed. They want to use it to buy votes,” the director-general of the campaign council said. “You can see the level of in-fighting in APC. They have plans to hack the INEC server. They want to make Kano and indeed, north-west, the dumping ground of their illicit money. Take their money and reject them.” Meanwhile, Atiku Abubakar, the PDP’s presidential candidate, at the rally, promised to make the state an economic hub. Abubakar also said if elected, his government will provide road infrastructure that will link Kano to neighbouring states. READ ALSO: Tambuwal Is Pleased With Politicising Insecurity In Sokoto – APC “We are pleased to meet with you today and we cannot believe that you are so many and in thousands supporting PDP. We have known that Kano is PDP. We thank you for coming out in your numbers to support us,” Abubakar said. “Kano has always been the centre of commerce in Nigeria. When PDP returns to power, we will make sure that Kano becomes a leading commercial centre in the country. “We shall open the borders. We shall also ensure that Kano state is secured so that you can do your businesses without fear. “The people of Kano are also known for farming. So, if you elect me, I will support the agricultural sector and improve the business activities of the people. We will make agriculture a priority. “We shall provide road infrastructure that will link Kano to all the neighbouring states. We will make sure that university lecturers are paid so that our children will continue to go to school. I have also pledged to set some funds aside for youths and women to receive loans to set up their small and medium business enterprises for self-employment.” 