Presidential candidate of the All Progressives Congress (APC), Bola Tinubu, has vowed to double the duration of university education in the country from the current four years to eight years, saying Nigerians should elect him to be able to actualise his intention. Tinubu made the assurance to Nigerian youths during his speech at the APC presidential campaign rally in Osogbo, Osun State, on Thursday afternoon. “Those of you in school, write it down. “Call me a bastard if you spend more than eight years in school. You will be in school for eight years.” The former Lagos governor’s comments could be deemed insensitive in a country plagued by unnecessary delays in academic years due to persistent strikes by the Academic Staff Union of Universities (ASUU) and other tertiary education bodies. READ ALSO: Tinubu Tactically Distancing Self From Buhari’s Failed Policies — Atiku His promise marks a breakaway from longstanding academic programmes in Nigerian universities that run typically four years with the exception of highly specialised studies such as law and medicine, which last five and six years of university study, respectively. However, his comment has fueled criticism from Nigerians on social media, who maintain that Tinubu’s worsening physical health has diminished his mental awareness and should be disqualified from seeking the country’s highest office. Similarly, the ‘Emi Lokan’ is candidate has made comments that seemed to disparage Nigerian youth in recent months. He vowed to conscript 50 million Nigerian youth into the military, saying they would do well feeding on corn, cassava and other farm produce while protecting the country. He, however, failed to say how his idea would help modernise the country’s military infrastructure, which has been deemed among the most backward globally. WATCH TINUBU’S STATEMENT HERE: Call me a b@st@rd if I win and you students don't graduate in exactly 8 years.  You will all be in school for Eight years – Bola Tinubu promises students during campaign in Osun. pic.twitter.com/xxFaZuHLEO — President Eniola Daniel (@UnlimitedEniola) February 3, 2023  