Jude Idimogu, a member of the Lagos House of Assembly representing Oshodi Isolo Constituency 2, has alleged that the naira note swap policy, introduced by the governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN), Godwin Emefiele, was targeted at the All Progressives Congress (APC) presidential candidate, Asiwaju Bola Tinubu. The lawmaker who insisted that it was the wrong time to introduce redesigned naira into the economy opined that the country needs a gradual approach till when the old notes leave the system as against the drastic change that is bringing untold hardships to the masses. He further wondered the reason Emefiele was so concerned about the cash outside, adding that the CBN governor had a sinister objective behind the policy. Urging the CBN governor not to punish the masses because of his plans to put politicians in a tight corner, he said, “The so-called policy is targeted personally at Asiwaju Bola Ahmed Tinubu, with due respect to Emefiele this happen to be a wrong-time policy targeted at Asiwaju. “Nigeria is a cash-based economy, issue of cashless policy ought to be gradual, imagine the network is not even helping the situation, it is hanging, before bringing any policy the hundreds of millions of populations that will be affected ought to be a basis for concern. “It is an obnoxious policy, if Emefiele knows that the economy is in shambles, why the hurry with deadline, in other climes such policy are introduced gradually, the affected currency includes money at hand and the major part is in the banks. READ ALSO: Emefiele Misled Buhari On New Naira Implication, Outcome – Doguwa “If about 52 trillion is printed 90 percent revolves within the banking system, why be so concerned about the ones outside in people’s hands, if not for sinister motives? “Now people bring in the money they can’t get it off the counter, and lots of people are suffering, can one pay Danfo drivers and Keke Napep operators with transfers, can items in the market be paid for bit by bit with money transfers? “You cannot punish over 200 million population just to get back at the few politicians, what is the population of the politicians amongst the rest? Just close to 10 percent why put others into needless hardship?” He commended the House of Representatives and National Assembly for the pressure they were putting on the apex bank to extend the deadline. “Nigeria has now become a Fuji House of Commotion. When the election is coming the government eases the economy, my President please have a rethink,” he pleaded. The lawmaker also called on power brokers within the APC to close ranks and stop desecrating the sanctity of the party.