 The Rector of the Federal Polytechnic Nekede, Owerri, Imo State, Dr. Michael Arimanwa, has said the Management of the institution will not victimise the student who claimed she graduated from the institution with the help of God and her private parts. The student, Ogechi Okoroafor, had said in a viral video that she graduated from the institution by the help of her private parts and God. Speaking on the issue in his office on Tuesday while assessing his achievements for four years, Arimanwa assured that the student would not be victimised under his watch, according to a report by The Nation. “The lady made the unfortunate video that circulated widely across the world because the video was watched by people nearly everywhere. I have received calls and comments from people almost everywhere on earth. So, I know that video had gone quite wide. It is an unfortunate thing,” he said. READ ALSO: Federal Polytechnic Nekede To Investigate Graduating Student Who Credited Her Graduation To ‘God’, ‘Private Part’ The rector stated that a committee has been set up on the matter, adding that, “we don’t want to pre-empt the outcome of the committee because we will interact with her tomorrow from the notice I have seen.” He added, “But I want you to know that we are not going to in any way victimise her under my watch but we will follow the rules, we will stand by the rule and due process.” He further said the school had a mechanism to punish both staff and students who had erred in the past. “Some people have been punished, some people (were) removed as Heads of Departments, some have gone through suspension, some people have been downgraded, and some people have been barred from promotion for some many reasons,” he said. He added that the school has laws and policies that govern it and “those who go against such policies, whether exam malpractices, sexual harassment or any other infractions,” are duly punished, stating that “some have lost promotion; some have been sacked actually — we have sacked like two people — some have been demoted and a few students have been expelled as well for one thing or another. We have done them dispassionately and laid them to rest.”