 Aniekan Makanjuola, a medical doctor has told an Ikeja Sexual Offences and Domestic Violence and Sexual Court how a man, Idowu Omashegbe, and others at large, allegedly raped a 20-year-old woman in an uncompleted building in Lagos. According to The News Agency of Nigeria on Thursday, Makanjuola, a staff member of Women at Risk International Foundation, said during a medical examination at the facility on March 16, 2020, the victim gave details of how the defendant and others still at large allegedly dragged her to an uncompleted building, robbed her of a phone and forcefully had sexual intercourse with her. The witness was led in evidence by the state counsel, Inumidun Solarin. READ ALSO: MURIC Demands Justice As NURTW Leader’s Son Allegedly Rapes Woman Inside Mosque “She (victim) said after the boys left, they came out but unknown to them, another group of armed boys accosted them and collected their phones,” Makanjuola narrated. The victim said the boys then collected a phone from her belonging to another person, and she begged them to return the phone but the boys insisted that she must follow them if she wants the phone back. “She said when they got to a location, the boys told her they would only give her the phone if they had sex with her and she said out of fear, she agreed and each of the boys took turns to have sex with her.” Explaining further, Dr. Makanjuola said that the victim told her that two of the boys that earlier raped her, ran after her after she boarded a tricycle and dragged her into an uncompleted building. “She said the two boys came on a bike and blocked the tricycle, ordered her out of it, took her to an uncompleted building where they had sexual intercourse with her. “She said they also locked her up in the building after collecting her phone. The victim said she was able to come out of the building and met some officers whom she reported the incident to, and they followed her back to the building where one of the boys was apprehended,” the doctor said. According to the witness, the medical examination conducted on the victim showed blunt penetration of the vagina which was consistent with her history. While under cross-examination, the witness said the victim did not mention the names of the boys and her medical examination was based on what she saw. Justice Ramon Oshodi adjourned the case till May 5 for the continuation of trial.