Nollywood comic actor, John Okafor, popularly known as Mr Ibu, has said in the history of marriages he experienced, the relationship with his wife is the worst of them all. Recall that Mr Ibu’s family had been in the news when Ibu’s wife, Stella Maris, claimed that he was having an affair with his adopted daughter, Jasmine. Maris also alleged that she was a victim of domestic violence. The actor, who gave an insight on the state of his marriage in an interview with Punch said if the marriage falls apart, he won’t get married again. His words: “This is my final marriage. If this one falls apart, I won’t marry again. This is my fifth and the worst marriage, because my wife adopted what is not obtainable. This feels like punishment; not marriage. “I doubt if I am still in the marriage, because it seems she has already prepared her mind to leave, and I’m not going to stop her. I support her leaving. Each time I see her, I begin to breathe erratically, and it is not good for me, because I am not ready to die. There are opportunities God exposed me to that are of interest to me.” Speaking on Maris initial reaction when he introduced Jasmine as an adopted daughter when he was to marry her, he said they became good friends. “Everything about me and Jasmine was known to everyone; and my wife kept on asking when she would meet her. I introduced her to Jasmine, and they became very good friends. Jasmine started sponsoring the family, buying foodstuff, and giving my wife money. Sometimes, my wife would leave the house to go and stay with Jasmine. Everything was going fine.” READ ALSO: Mr Ibu’s Wife Calls Him Out Over Domestic Violence, Hints At Romance With ‘Daughter’ (Video) Responding to what made Maris question his relationship with Jasmine, he said, “There was one lady from my town that was close to the family. This lady wanted more than what God had given her; and when she was not getting it, she started causing trouble in my home by poisoning my wife’s mind. “When we were at the police station recently, the Divisional Police Officer asked her (Maris) if I was guilty of all she said I did? She said ‘no’; that I should know that nobody would like to put a case in the public domain and lose. She said that she was only trying to win the case. “So, my wife’s younger brother, her friends, and the lady from my town knelt down and were begging me in the presence of the DPO. Before then, my wife’s younger brother was ready to fight me in my own house. This was the same boy that said he wanted to play football outside Nigeria, and I singlehandedly took him to different clubs, where he was tried but was not selected in any of the trials. I actually lost money in that process.” Affirming that it was after the incident with the police that Maris went on social media to post negative remarks about himself and Jasmine, he said the “same lady from my town that did all that.” “We called her and she apologised. When she had an issue with her business, I took her out of Abuja to Enugu; and gave her a house and money. I told her that whatever business she was interested in, she should let me know, and I would support her. But, after 11 months in Enugu, she said she wanted to return to Abuja. All she has been doing is to create chaos here and there.” Mr Ibu, while denying public opinion that he mistreats his wife and gives privileges to his adopted daughter maintained that, “When I married her, she did not have a car; and her family could not buy her a car. I bought her three cars at once. I told her to use one for church, one for domestic errands; and the third one going out with her friends. “However, the day I gave her those cars was when my problem started. I allowed her to do her things her own way. But, she started moving with different women; and sometimes, I hear them ask her why she is still in the marriage.”