Festus Keyamo, the spokesperson for the All Progressives Congress (APC) Presidential Campaign Council (PCC), says the court case instituted by some APC governors over the Federal Government’s naira redesign policy is an indication of true federalism. Recall that 10 State governors had on Saturday asked the Supreme Court to set aside the pronouncement of President Muhammadu Buhari’s banning of the old N500, N1,000 and validation of N200 currency notes. The plaintiffs, argued that Buhari’s directive is an “unconstitutional overreach and usurpation of the judicial power” of the Supreme Court being that the case is already before the court. However, the APC chieftain who revealed this when he spoke during News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) forum at Abuja said for the Party governors to take a stand against the federal government on the policy, it showed that Bola Ahmed Tinubu if elected as president, would ensure true federalism in the country. Keyamo said “People are calling for true federalism. What you are seeing in display is true federalism. “They should support APC because APC is now displaying the character of true federation where the component parts can disagree with the federal government. “Don’t forget that it was Tinubu that started it long ago when he was governor he was always taking the federal government to court on every issue to tell you that the component parts of the country can disagree with the federal government. READ ALSO: Buhari’s Endorsement Of Tinubu Has Put PDP In Political Epilepsy – Keyamo “We are not going to sell off Nigerians because of party politics. That is what the governors have shown the world that we are not prepared to sell you out because of loyalty to the centre.” The Senior Advocate of Nigeria (SAN) furthered that the policy would not affect the chances of the APC at the poll. “It is those who don’t mean well in the implementation whereas President Muhammadu Buhari means very well. “You know the President is the anti- corruption champion of Africa. What he is doing is a clear indication that he is holding fair to his principle till the last day. “Every single governor that has gone to court fighting for the masses, fighting for the people to get succour, they are all APC governors. “Now the opposition interpretes it to mean that the APC governors are looking for money to buy votes, that is why they are fighting to get the policy reversed. “What the APC governors are doing is just being patriotic and purely altriustic,” Keyamo said.