 Operatives of Ogun state Police Command, on February 9th, arrested two cousins, Damilola Famoriyo, 34, and Akinbayo Emmanuel Abiodun, 31, for allegedly robbing one Amos Oyemechi Chuckwuka of his tricycle, killing him and dumping his corpse at a riverbank in Ijebu-ode. A statement released by the spokesperson of the state police command, SP Abimbola Oyeyemi, on Saturday said the suspects were arrested following information received by policemen attached to Obalende divisional headquarters, Ijebu Ode, on the 13th of December 2022, that a dead body which was later identified as that of a tricycle rider was found on the riverbank at Agoro area of Ijebu Ode. READ ALSO: 20-Year-Old Man Kidnaps Mother, Collects N30m Ransom In Zamfara Oyeyemi said upon the information, the DPO Obalende division, SP Murphy Salami led his detectives to the scene, where it was discovered that the deceased was matcheted to death after which his tricycle was taken away. He said the DPO, there and then detailed his Crack team to embarked on technical and Forensic Investigation of the incident in order to unravel those behind the devilish act. Oyeyemi stated that the efforts of the police yielded positive result on the 9th of February 2023, when one of the suspects, Damilola Famoriyo, who reside at New site, Awosan Fakale Ikorodu Lagos was arrested with the deceased’s phone. His arrest led to the apprehension of his accomplice, who is also his cousin, Akinbayo Emmanuel Abiodun of Road 1, Block A, Maya Ikorodu Lagos State. On interrogation, the two suspects confessed to the commission of the crime. In their statements, they confessed been a 2-man syndicate who specialized in snatching motorcycles and tricycles. They confessed further that they always carry out their robbery operation in Ijebu ode and its environs. According to them, on the 13th of December 2022, they lured the victim Amos Oyemechi Chuckwuka to carry their farm products from Agoro area to the town, and they agreed on a price. But on getting to Agoro/Ikangba road, they stopped him and snatched the tricycle from him. It was when the deceased tried to struggle with them that they matcheted him to death and dragged his corpse to the riverbank where they dumped him. They informed the police further that they have snatched up to eight tricycles in Ijebu ode area, and that their standby buyers are residing at Ikorodu in Lagos State,” the police spokesperson said. Oyeyemi said items recovered from them include two phones of the deceased as well as the cutlass they used to kill him. He added that the state Commissioner of Police, CP Frank Mba, has directed that the suspects be transferred to State Criminal Investigation Departments for discreet investigation.