Governor Oluwarotimi Akeredolu of Ondo State, has urged Nigerians to vote the All Progressives Congress (APC) candidate, Bola Ahmed Tinubu as successor to President Muhammadu Buhari in the coming elections, claiming the APC flag bearer will move Nigeria forward. Speaking at the APC Ondo North Senatorial Campaign rally held at Methodist Primary School, Owo on Monday, the governor assured the people that the country would flourish under Tinubu, if elected president. “Asiwaju Ahmed Bola Tinubu is tested and trusted. He has been governor of Lagos State and we know how he transformed the state. I can assure you, Nigeria will move forward under Tinubu as President.” He called on the people of Owo, Ose and Akoko to vote massively for the Senatorial candidate of the party, Jide Ipinsagba, adding that his experience in the private sector would help him deliver on his mandate, if elected. Akeredolu, who urged the people to drum support for the House of Representatives candidates of the party said, they would bring quality representation to the people of their Federal Constituencies. READ ALSO: APC Postpones Presidential Campaign In Oyo Indefinitely Over Fuel Hike, Naira Scarcity Prince Ademola Adegoroye, the Minister of State for Transportation, charged the people to vote for the APC, and stressed the need for party members to prioritise party loyalty for progress and development. Chairman of the Party in the State, Ade Adetimehin said Owo indigenes were known for their roles in standing for justice and equality in the country’s democracy. He said: “This is Owo. Akeredolu championed the struggle for southern presidency. Baba Ajasin championed the June 12 struggle. Another Owo man has championed Tinubu’s presidency,” Adetimehin said. “Let us go to our unit, ward and local government. It is time for Yoruba to be president. This election is for the progressive. Our country will move forward under Tinubu. “Vote Tinubu and all the senate, reps, house of assembly candidates under the APC. Don’t sell your votes.” The Ondo APC chairperson added that the ideology of the APC is “welfarism”. “Akeredolu’s performance will earn APC victory in Ondo state. This vote should be across board, top to bottom. The ideology of our party is welfarism.” 