Spokesman for the New Nigeria People’s Party (NNPP) and the presidential campaign of the party, Ladipo Johnson has said that the party’s flag bearer, Rabiu Kwankwaso, will get 25% of votes in 24 states and the Federal Capital Territory, Abuja. Ladipo made this known Monday on The 2023 Verdict, Channels Television’s special election programme. The chieftain further said there is nothing wrong with the ‘cult-like following’ of Kwankwaso and expressed optimism that his candidate would get 25% of votes in at least two-thirds of all the states in the Federation and the Federal Capital Territory, as required by Section 134 of the Nigerian Constitution. Johnson said that Kwankwaso will use his “advantage” in the 19 northern states and five southern states to edge out his co-contestants. READ MORE: Labour Party’s Only Chance At Winning Is Merger With NNPP – Kwankwaso Speaking on his permutations on how his candidate would breast the tape on February 25, the party’s spokesman said, “The mathematics is simple. In the 19 states of the north, in all humility, we know that the NNPP will make its 25% in all those 19 states plus the Federal Capital Territory. If you are talking about an outright win, that leaves looking for five states in the entire south and I believe that we have those states. “All the states in the North-West, especially of course, Kano, Kaduna, Jigawa, Katsina, then you begin to go to the North-East: Borno, Gombe, Bauchi, Yobe, places like that. Go to the North Central as well. “The volume of votes you will get from those places will be way above the volume of votes that any candidate will bring on the table. If we get the five states in the south, then it is game settled. If we don’t then, with the volume of votes, then, it will go to a run-off.” According to the NNPP chieftain, part of the money realised from the purchase of forms “will be used on logistics on election days either to get your people to the collation centre or what have you, to operate situation room, wifi, etc”. 